orig premise:	You ca n't take it with you -- neither can I , unfortunately .
orig hypothesis (0):	You are not able to bring it with you .
adv hypothesis (2):	You are not unable to bring it with you .

orig premise:	While his allied Islamist groups were focused on local battles , such as those in Egypt , Algeria , Bosnia , or Chechnya , Bin Ladin concentrated on attacking the far enemy-the United States .
orig hypothesis (1):	Bin Ladin was the only Islamist concerned with attacking the United States .
adv hypothesis (2):	Bin Ladin was the only Islamist concerned with raiding the United States .

orig premise:	I want to meet the coldest wome n'the women who get their diamonds and cars and then start to bawl about how sad and unlucky they 've been .
orig hypothesis (0):	There are women who unfairly complain about their lives even though they have diamonds and cars .
adv hypothesis (1):	There are women who unfairly complain about their lives even though they enjoy diamonds and cars .

orig premise:	. Substantively , if not literally , she made a morox .
orig hypothesis (1):	She made a morox out of the materials .
adv hypothesis (0):	She made a morox out of the equipments .

orig premise:	The NEADS technician who took this call from the FAA immediately passed the word to the mission crew commander , who reported to the NEADS battle Mission Crew Commander , Okay , uh , American Airlines is still airborne .
orig hypothesis (1):	The battle commander tried to devise a strategy to stop the plane .
adv hypothesis (2):	The battle commander tried to devise a strategy to halts the plane .

orig premise:	The FAA , the White House , and the Defense Department each initiated a multiagency teleconference before 9:30 .
orig hypothesis (2):	Multiagency communication did not take place at all .
adv hypothesis (1):	Multiagency communication wanna not assuming place at all .

orig premise:	They claimed they had a bomb .
orig hypothesis (2):	They did not say anything .
adv hypothesis (1):	They did not affirms anything .

orig premise:	As United 93 left Newark , the flight 's crew members were unaware of the hijacking of American 11 .
orig hypothesis (1):	As the flight United 93 left Newark the crew members were tragically unaware of the hijacking of American 11 and if they had been they could have prevented their own hijacking by keeping the plane grounded and double-checking for safety .
adv hypothesis (2):	As the airways United 93 walkout Newark the crewmen damen were tragically naïve of the hijacking of American 11 and if they received been they could haya prevented their single hijacking by keeping the plane grounded and double-checking for certainty .

orig premise:	Lockean ideas provided the footing for American behaviorism , launched by John Watson in the early 1900s and built by B. F. Skinner into a powerful mid-century theoretical force heralding the supremacy of environment in its belief that behavior is shaped by external stimuli .
orig hypothesis (0):	The ideas of Lockean have created the backbone for American behaviorism .
adv hypothesis (1):	The ideas of Lockean enjoy created the backbone for American behaviorism .

orig premise:	And how , OK can you tell me any flood stories about growing up in Penn ?
orig hypothesis (0):	Can you describe any flood stories about living in Penn ?
adv hypothesis (2):	Can you describe any avalanches stories about living in Penn ?

orig premise:	Such stitching generally outlasts the fabric of jeans , as one can see from looking at the holey knees of jeans worn by many teenagers .
orig hypothesis (2):	Such stitching usually gives out before the fabric of the jeans does .
adv hypothesis (1):	Such stitching usually gives out before the fabric of the jeans gonna .

orig premise:	Okay , you read that from the Vice President , right ?
orig hypothesis (2):	I understand that the Vice President had no involvement in any way .
adv hypothesis (1):	I understand that the Vice President had no turnout in any way .

orig premise:	Children of highly involved fathers score better on measures of intelligence , school achievement , mature social behavior , and fiexible beliefs about gender roles ` in short , on all the positive outcomes associated with maternal employment .
orig hypothesis (2):	Fathers do not contribute to a child 's development .
adv hypothesis (1):	Fathers making not supportive to a teenager 's development .

orig premise:	We 're off to save the Galaxy !
orig hypothesis (2):	We refuse to save the galaxy .
adv hypothesis (0):	We refusal to save the galaxy .

orig premise:	Thus , Step down -LRB- or back -RRB- and give me a shot was readily understood .
orig hypothesis (0):	Therefore , hold back and let me shoot was comprehended .
adv hypothesis (2):	Therefore , hold back and vacate me shoot was comprehended .

orig premise:	He said to me , You have to go , he said to me .
orig hypothesis (2):	He did n't say anything to me about having to go .
adv hypothesis (1):	He did n't avowed anything to me about afterward to go .

orig premise:	However , in light of the growth of rapid replenishment , our research predicts that the performance of these two units will vary over time , with the supplier that has implemented flexible planning and short-cycle production processes coming out ahead .
orig hypothesis (2):	The supplier who implements flexible planning will come out last .
adv hypothesis (0):	The supplier who implements flexible planning will come out previous .

orig premise:	And how they use to take their lunches to school and some of the things they took for lunch like fatback meat biscuits and -- .
orig hypothesis (2):	They would buy their lunches from the cafeteria rather than bring them .
adv hypothesis (1):	They would buy their lunches from the cafeteria somewhat than bring them .

orig premise:	What , ah , story in your childhood had the most impact on you ?
orig hypothesis (2):	No one told you stories as a child , did they ?
adv hypothesis (1):	No one told you storeys as a childish , did they ?

orig premise:	The field is about 100 years old .
orig hypothesis (0):	The field was made 100 years ago .
adv hypothesis (1):	The field was made 100 years beforehand .

orig premise:	Because , well , no , Ines was putting up an argument that - , when he told her , No , he said , e , Luis Alonso , I may be going to die , he said , because so much blood loss , he said .
orig hypothesis (2):	He said that there was no chance he was going to die of blood loss .
adv hypothesis (0):	He said that there was no likelihood he was going to die of blood loss .

orig premise:	Return the completed card with your check by October 15 to receive an invitation to a special artist dinner on November 8 .
orig hypothesis (2):	Sent the check by November 28th and you will receive a special letter .
adv hypothesis (0):	Sent the check by November 28th and you will receive a special message .

orig premise:	The word Yiddish derives from the German judisch ` Jewish .
orig hypothesis (2):	The word Yiddish derives from the Filipino word yankanak .
adv hypothesis (1):	The word Yiddish attracts from the Filipino speeches yankanak .

orig premise:	If my father bought it , it would have to be a Dodge .
orig hypothesis (1):	My father is an avid car collector and loves driving .
adv hypothesis (2):	My father is an earnest boxcars collector and loves driving .

orig premise:	Cultures , and adults within them responsible for socialization , select dierent tasks for children 's learning .
orig hypothesis (1):	Many adults have learned from their own children .
adv hypothesis (0):	Many adults have learned from their individual children .

orig premise:	A short time later , Nawaf and Salem al Hazmi entered the same checkpoint .
orig hypothesis (0):	A while afterwards , two people went into the identical checkpoint .
adv hypothesis (1):	A while afterwards , two people went into the equitable search .

orig premise:	As with all contributions made through I U Foundation , your gift is tax-deductible according to federal and state laws .
orig hypothesis (2):	Nothing that you give is tax deductible , sorry .
adv hypothesis (1):	Nothing that you afford is tax bearable , regretted .

orig premise:	You can help us help overburdened new parents .
orig hypothesis (0):	We can help overburden parents with your help .
adv hypothesis (2):	We can pomoc overburden parents with your help .

orig premise:	Beginning in the 1970s , retailers expanded their offshore sourcing efforts , especially after quality standards improved , establishing sourcing offices and relationships in low-wage countries , particularly in Asia .
orig hypothesis (2):	The offices in Asia charged high prices to retailers , destroying their relationship .
adv hypothesis (1):	The offices in Asia charged high prices to retailers , rubbles their relationship .

orig premise:	Mass customization , however , has the potential to make tailor fit at least somewhat less expensive , as new systems combine features of the efficient factory system with attention to at least a few critical customer measurements .
orig hypothesis (1):	Everybody likes the freedom to customize their belongings .
adv hypothesis (2):	Everybody loves the freedom to customize their belongings .

orig premise:	In the late 1990s , these extremist groups suffered major defeats by Kurdish forces .
orig hypothesis (1):	Kurdish forces believed they needed to stop all extremist groups .
adv hypothesis (2):	Kurdish forces believed they sufficient to stopping all extremist groups .

orig premise:	Rusine should be added to the supplement of English words ending in - ine -LRB- p.
orig hypothesis (0):	Rusine should be added to the English words .
adv hypothesis (1):	Rusine should be added to the English speech .

orig premise:	I 've been going up as a progress in school , so I , it will be a good change for me .
orig hypothesis (1):	I think further change can help me improve even more .
adv hypothesis (0):	I opinion further shifted can contribute me improve even more .

orig premise:	We serve a classic Tuscan meal that includes a Florentine terrine made with dick and chicken livers .
orig hypothesis (0):	We serve a meal of Florentine terrine .
adv hypothesis (2):	We serve a grocery of Florentine terrine .

orig premise:	Because a reduction in the I/S ratio means that changes in sales will be matched by a smaller change in inventories , a lower ratio also implies lower inventory volatility .
orig hypothesis (2):	A lower I/S ratio results in higher inventory volatility and changes in sales will result in higher changes in inventories .
adv hypothesis (0):	A lower I/S ratio results in tougher inventory volatility and changes in sales will result in higher changes in inventories .

orig premise:	The Encyclopedia of Indianapolis is progressing well .
orig hypothesis (2):	The Encyclopedia of Indianapolis does not exist .
adv hypothesis (0):	The Encyclopedia of Indianapolis got not linger .

orig premise:	He tried the radios , first calling the aircraft directly , then the airline .
orig hypothesis (0):	He tried talking to the pilot , then he contacted the airline .
adv hypothesis (2):	He tried talking to the aviator , then he contacted the airline .

orig premise:	Yeah , he taxied to a gas station to fill it up .
orig hypothesis (0):	He went to a gas station to fill it up .
adv hypothesis (1):	He wandered to a gas station to fill it up .

orig premise:	How old would you say you were when your cousins were doing this reading ?
orig hypothesis (0):	What was your age when your cousins read this ?
adv hypothesis (2):	What was your yrs when your cousins read this ?

orig premise:	Notwithstanding the valuable role he plays in inspiring nonlinguists to think about language and in informing them about myriad facets of the subject , I find it hard slogging -LRB- or , as he would probably write , sloguing -RRB- .
orig hypothesis (0):	Even though he usefully converses with nonlinguists , I find it very difficult .
adv hypothesis (1):	Even though he usefully converses with nonlinguists , I find it very rigid .

orig premise:	When somebody orders custom-made clothing , his or her measurements are taken by a fitter in a store and , three to six weeks later , the garment appears .
orig hypothesis (0):	When you order custom clothing , it shows up three to six weeks later .
adv hypothesis (2):	When you order custom clothing , it reflects up five to six weeks later .

orig premise:	FAA Mission and Structure .
orig hypothesis (0):	How the FAA is structured .
adv hypothesis (1):	How the FAA is framed .

orig premise:	Do you read Dr. Seuss ?
orig hypothesis (0):	Do you read Dr. Seuss ?
adv hypothesis (2):	Do you lir Dr. Seuss ?

orig premise:	They 're making trincheras , they call them trincheras , where they 're putting mounds of stones near the houses , so that the bullets there .
orig hypothesis (2):	The people of the village are enjoying a time of peace and prosperity .
adv hypothesis (1):	The people of the village are enjoying a time of relax and prosperity .

orig premise:	Societies seldom see what is central in their own cultures , having much less trouble identifying it in the cultures of others .
orig hypothesis (1):	This is most common in western societies .
adv hypothesis (2):	This is most ordinary in western societies .

orig premise:	About this time , Card , the lead Secret Service agent , the President 's military aide , and the pilot were conferring on a possible destination for Air Force One .
orig hypothesis (1):	There was great concern for the president 's safety .
adv hypothesis (0):	There was formidable concern for the president 's safety .

orig premise:	It is a game that is like fishing in a barrel , but more stimulating mentally .
orig hypothesis (0):	It is similar to a game of fishing in a barrel .
adv hypothesis (2):	It is similar to a game of pesca in a barrel .

orig premise:	For example , even at age 2 , they waited patiently to open a small gift until a guest had departed ` proper etiquette in Chinese culture .
orig hypothesis (2):	They could n't wait to open a small gift when they were very small .
adv hypothesis (1):	They could n't hoping to openings a smallest gifts when they were very smaller .

orig premise:	Or the virtual impossibility of finding a quiet place to study or even think , so that the children can cope in school and one day have a chance of achieving something better ?
orig hypothesis (0):	Do n't kids struggle to find a quiet place to study , which means they have difficulty coping with school ?
adv hypothesis (1):	Do n't kids struggle to find a quiet place to study , which means they have problema coping with schoolers ?

orig premise:	Five calls described the intent of passengers and surviving crew members to revolt against the hijackers .
orig hypothesis (1):	The calls were made to loved ones and authorities .
adv hypothesis (2):	The calls were tabled to loved ones and authorities .

orig premise:	Building a Support System for Acquiring New Knowledge and Skills
orig hypothesis (1):	Promoting skill growth by encouraging the child to find their own way .
adv hypothesis (2):	Promoting purview growth by animate the toddler to find their own way .

orig premise:	I have nothing particularly adverse to say about the book .
orig hypothesis (2):	I have quite a lot of adversities when it comes to the book .
adv hypothesis (1):	I be quite a afar of adversities when it comes to the book .

orig premise:	The Vice President was mistaken in his belief that shootdown authorization had been passed to the pilots flying at NORAD 's direction .
orig hypothesis (2):	The Vice President 's belief about the shootdown authorization was correct .
adv hypothesis (0):	The Vice President 's belief about the shootdown authorization was proper .

orig premise:	Putting another ply on top the same way creates an additional problem .
orig hypothesis (1):	Placing another ply on top is the next step of the process and so it ca n't be avoided .
adv hypothesis (2):	Placing another ply on topped is the next step of the process and so it headquarter n't be avoided .

orig premise:	The words divine afflatus thus create an unforgettable image jejune like a gumdrop
orig hypothesis (0):	The image of a gumdrop is created by the words divine afflatus .
adv hypothesis (1):	The stills of a gumdrop is induced by the words divine afflatus .

orig premise:	Forecasting Demand for New Products
orig hypothesis (0):	Predicting the demand for New Products .
adv hypothesis (1):	Predicting the invited for New Products .

orig premise:	I hope you will take this opportunity to make a contribution to support SEND 's homeownership work .
orig hypothesis (0):	I hope you 'll make a contribution to support the work SEND does .
adv hypothesis (2):	I hope you 'll make a contribution to subsidized the work SEND does .

orig premise:	Cobuild and CED are far from being such polar opposites , but they exemplify this general point .
orig hypothesis (2):	Cobuild and CED are polar opposites , no matter which way you look at it .
adv hypothesis (0):	Cobuild and CED are blanks opposites , no tura which way you look at it .

orig premise:	Yeah I had to take it , as children ?
orig hypothesis (2):	I have never taken it as a child .
adv hypothesis (1):	I possess never waged it as a youngsters .

orig premise:	He learned in the tunnel that the Pentagon had been hit , and he saw television coverage of smoke coming from the building .
orig hypothesis (0):	He knew about the Pentagon while he was in the tunnel .
adv hypothesis (1):	He imagined about the Pentagon while he was in the tunneling .

orig premise:	It 's just one of those things that you know , you just do n't think people want to hear much about these days .
orig hypothesis (0):	People do n't usually want to hear about those things much .
adv hypothesis (2):	People do n't always wanna to hear about those things much .

orig premise:	I look forward to seeing your name on our membership list .
orig hypothesis (2):	I hope you wo n't join our organization .
adv hypothesis (1):	I hope you wo n't adhere our agency .

orig premise:	Formally defined as the standard deviation of demand divided by average demand , the coefficient of variation can be considered a measure of variation that is normalized ; it allows us to compare the variation of demand for different products , even if the average demand of the two products is quite different .
orig hypothesis (0):	We can compare the demand for different products even if it is quite different .
adv hypothesis (1):	We can compare the demand for different products even if it is crucially innumerable .

orig premise:	An English authority on dictionaries , James Root Hulbert , says that The Concise Oxford is the best for literary use in Britain and Chambers the best for general British use .
orig hypothesis (0):	James Root Hilbert says The Concise Oxford is the best for literary British use .
adv hypothesis (1):	James Root Hilbert says The Concise Oxford is the best for literary British consuming .

orig premise:	Therefore , this year 's annual operating campaign for the Herron School of Art and Gallery is focusing on the need for funds to help maintain the facility and our programs .
orig hypothesis (0):	Herron 's current campaign is focused on making enough money to maintain the facility and all its programs .
adv hypothesis (2):	Herron 's current campaign is focused on making enough financials to preserves the facility and all its programs .

orig premise:	This information infrastructure proved most beneficial when it gave Penney 's major vendors access to sales data via direct broadcast satellite .
orig hypothesis (0):	This infrastructure of information allowed Penney 's major vendors access to sales data .
adv hypothesis (1):	This plants of information allowed Penney 's major vendors access to sales data .

orig premise:	Please join us as we continue to rebuild this historic neighborhood into a place of pride and community strength .
orig hypothesis (1):	We will continue to rebuild the historic neighborhood and reduce the violence we 've dealt with lately .
adv hypothesis (2):	We will continue to relaunch the historic neighborhood and reduce the violence we 've dealt with lately .

orig premise:	On Air Force One , the President 's press secretary was taking notes ; Ari Fleischer recorded that at 10:20 , the President told him that he had authorized a shootdown of aircraft if necessary .
orig hypothesis (2):	Ari Fleischer did not say anything about what the President told him .
adv hypothesis (1):	Ari Fleischer was not avowed anything about what the President told him .

orig premise:	And I could n't , well , do anything else .
orig hypothesis (2):	I did more than I thought I could .
adv hypothesis (0):	I did more than I suppose I could .

orig premise:	Correspondingly , employment in automotive and apparel trimmings increased 71.4 percent from 1979 to 1997 while in women 's and misses blouses and skirts it declined by 60.6 percent in the same period .
orig hypothesis (1):	Employment in women 's blouses and skirts decreased from 1979 to 1997 because the decrease in women working out of the home .
adv hypothesis (0):	Employment in women 's blouses and skirts decreased from 1979 to 1997 once the dwindled in women jobs out of the dwelling .

orig premise:	They seem to think that he is descending .
orig hypothesis (1):	The airplane is being flow downward .
adv hypothesis (0):	The airliner is being flow downward .

orig premise:	In 1996 , these figures will triple .
orig hypothesis (1):	To slow this growth , we have come up with a plan .
adv hypothesis (2):	To slow this risen , we fi come up with a plan .

orig premise:	If my father bought it , it would have to be a Dodge .
orig hypothesis (0):	I have a father .
adv hypothesis (2):	I does a father .

orig premise:	Al Qaeda members could travel freely within the country , enter and exit it without visas or any immigration procedures , purchase and import vehicles and weapons , and enjoy the use of official Afghan Ministry of Defense license plates .
orig hypothesis (2):	Al Qaeda members had many within the country , they could not purchase and import weapons and vehicles and could not travel freely without visas .
adv hypothesis (0):	Al Qaeda members had many within the country , they could not purchase and import weapons and vehicles and could not traveler freely without visas .

orig premise:	In most cases , they dealt with words and functional elements , creating what are called reconstructions in hypothetical family prototypes called , variously , Proto-Latin , Proto-Greek , Proto-Germanic , Proto-Indo-Iranian , and so forth , the ultimate goal being to posit a single language called Proto-Indo-European .
orig hypothesis (0):	Proto-Germanic was posited as a hypothetical language family prototype .
adv hypothesis (1):	Proto-Germanic was posited as a hypothetical languages housework plan .

orig premise:	And I 'm like , I 'm trying to convince him to , you know , if I do n't make it and there 's a strong possibility I wo n't , I know that , I 'm not stupid , I 'm nor going to go to L.A. and make five million or more than that --
orig hypothesis (0):	I 'm trying to let them know I do n't think I 'm going to become rich in L.A.
adv hypothesis (2):	I 'm trying to let them know I do n't envisage I 'm going to become rich in L.A.

orig premise:	Uh Asimov , he died about 8 years ago but I still find one or two of his that I had n't read yet .
orig hypothesis (2):	I 've read everything that Asimov wrote .
adv hypothesis (1):	I 've lira everything that Asimov phrased .

orig premise:	Marr sought authorization to scramble the Otis fighters .
orig hypothesis (1):	Marr asked for authorization to scramble the Otis fighters because he thought it would be fun .
adv hypothesis (0):	Marr asked for authorization to rashness the Otis fighters for he thought it would sont amusing .

orig premise:	Communicate with high warmth , using a positive emotional tone and providing explanations and justifications for your expectations .
orig hypothesis (1):	Talk while smiling and giggling , then elaborately discuss what you expect .
adv hypothesis (2):	Talk while smiling and giggling , then rigidly discuss what you expect .

orig premise:	Gifts to the Chancellor 's Circle will help pay travel costs to our city and campus for prospective faculty and their spouses , along with some relocation costs .
orig hypothesis (0):	Contributions made to the Chancellor 's Circle are used to help with the costs of travel and relocation for prospective faculty and their family .
adv hypothesis (1):	Contributions made to the Chancellor 's Circle are used to help with the fresh of travel and relocation for prospective faculty and their familia .

orig premise:	During the course of the morning , there were multiple erroneous reports of hijacked aircraft .
orig hypothesis (0):	There were many reports that morning with incorrect information about the hijacking .
adv hypothesis (1):	There were many reports that morning with incorrect information about the diversion .

orig premise:	Talia , mother of a 7-year - My son Anselmo , a first grader , constantly asks us to help him with his homework .
orig hypothesis (1):	Anselmo might be having more trouble with reading comprehension than others his age .
adv hypothesis (0):	Anselmo perils remain assuming more challenge with reading comprehension than others his yr .

orig premise:	Your gift to the law school will be an investment in its continued excellence .
orig hypothesis (0):	Your gift to the school will be an investment in its excellence .
adv hypothesis (2):	Your gift to the school will be an investment in its exquisite .

orig premise:	The changes now going on have their analog in the last century , when technological innovations of the day like railroads , telegraph , and steam power ` developed for purposes far afield of retail , apparel , or textiles ` helped transform the mass distri-bution of goods and information .
orig hypothesis (0):	Mass distribution of goods and information was affected by technological innovations such the steam power .
adv hypothesis (1):	Mass distribution of commodity and prompts was affected by technique groundbreaking such the steaming power .

orig premise:	The Concise Oxford allows both pronunciations .
orig hypothesis (0):	The Concise Oxford provides multiple ways to say a word .
adv hypothesis (1):	The Concise Oxford provides multiple ways to say a speech .

orig premise:	Once constructed , this persisting psychological self serves as an anchor for unique experiences , which are retained easily as long as they become personally meaningful .
orig hypothesis (0):	Personally meaningful unique experiences are always retained easily .
adv hypothesis (1):	Personally meaningful unique experiences are always canned easily .

orig premise:	In Sarasota , Florida , the presidential motorcade was arriving at the Emma E. Booker Elementary School , where President Bush was to read to a class and talk about education .
orig hypothesis (2):	In Sarasota , Florida the President was sitting at his hotel .
adv hypothesis (1):	In Sarasota , Florida the President was assis at his hotel .

orig premise:	It was not too bad early on , when , according to Miles , the seven Maccabean martyrs who saved Judaism did so only at the instigation of their mother .
orig hypothesis (0):	It was n't too bad at first when the martyrs saved Judaism on their mother 's orders .
adv hypothesis (1):	It was n't too shitty at first when the martyred salvaged Judaism on their mamma 's orders .

orig premise:	bite the bullet If you visit a Revolutionary War battle site , like Fort Ticonderoga , you may see some gruesome artifacts in its museum ` bullets with teeth marks in them .
orig hypothesis (2):	The museum is an uplifting and happy place to visit .
adv hypothesis (1):	The museum is an inspirational and bonheur place to visit .

orig premise:	But under rapid replenishment arrangements , the inventory risk is now assumed by the apparel manufacturer ; consequently assembly time is now very important .
orig hypothesis (0):	With rapid replenishment inventory risk is taken by the manufacturer and thus the time in assembly is extremely vital .
adv hypothesis (1):	With rapid replenishment inventory risk is taken by the manufacturer and thus the time in assembly is unimaginably need .

orig premise:	The correct translation is the Yueh -LRB- or Viet -RRB- of the south -LRB- as opposed to the Yueh who used to be just beyond present-day Shanghai -RRB- .
orig hypothesis (0):	There is a correct translation of the south in China .
adv hypothesis (1):	There is a mend translation of the south in China .

orig premise:	I guess I read a lot of classic comics .
orig hypothesis (2):	I really do not read any classic comics .
adv hypothesis (1):	I really do not lira any normal comedy .

orig premise:	In the 16th century the word was also a ` to run through , run across .
orig hypothesis (2):	The meaning of the word has n't changed since the 16th century .
adv hypothesis (1):	The meaning of the word has n't manipulated since the 16th century .

orig premise:	And he said , What 's going on ?
orig hypothesis (0):	He wanted to know what was going on .
adv hypothesis (1):	He wanted to knows what was going on .

orig premise:	This retailer launched its Web site in 1995 , the first major apparel retailer to do so .
orig hypothesis (2):	The first major apparel retailer opened their website in the late year of 2000 .
adv hypothesis (1):	The first overwhelming clothing seller opened their pages in the late years of 2000 .

orig premise:	I would enjoy meeting with you and hearing how the School of Engineering and Technology has affected your life .
orig hypothesis (0):	I would like you to express your opinion of how Engineering department has changed your life
adv hypothesis (1):	I would like you to express your opinion of how Engineering department haya changed your llfe

orig premise:	Logs indicate that it began at 9:25 and included the CIA ; the FBI ; the departments of State , Justice , and Defense ; the FAA ; and the White House shelter .
orig hypothesis (0):	Logs show the meeting included the CIA , FBI , State departments , Justice , Defence , FAA , and the White House .
adv hypothesis (1):	Logs indicates the meeting included the CIA , FBI , State ministry , Justice , Defence , FAA , and the White House .

orig premise:	These are challenging times for public institutions of higher education , with legislative appropriations unable to fund schools to the level they have in the past .
orig hypothesis (2):	Public institutions are being funded fine and we do n't need your help .
adv hypothesis (1):	Public institutions are being funded fined and we do n't need your help .

orig premise:	Consider sponsoring 1 , 2 , or 3 children .
orig hypothesis (2):	Do n't think about helping these kids .
adv hypothesis (1):	Do n't imagined about helping these kids .

orig premise:	Unfortunately , most American employers do not provide this option , and many parents ` especially , single parents ` can not aord it .
orig hypothesis (0):	Many single parents can not afford this option .
adv hypothesis (1):	Many single parent can not afford this replacements .

orig premise:	That is nonsense , of course ; but even if the users remain keenly aware that 1669 is the date only of the earliest written evidence , of what use or importance is that to them ?
orig hypothesis (0):	What value is it to the users if they know that 1669 is the date of the earliest written evidence ?
adv hypothesis (2):	What valuable is it to the user if they understood that 1669 is the date of the oldest typing prove ?

orig premise:	Actually my first semester at Charlotte , I was a Pre-Business major to go into Marketing and Advertising , because I did that in high school , too .
orig hypothesis (2):	I did n't take any business related classes while in high school .
adv hypothesis (1):	I want n't take any business entwined classes while in high school .

orig premise:	Daddy 's , daddy 's a builder right ?
orig hypothesis (1):	I think father has been a builder all his life .
adv hypothesis (2):	I think father has been a manufacturing all his life .

orig premise:	Bin Ladin had an important part in this activity .
orig hypothesis (0):	Bin Ladin 's role in the proceedings was significant .
adv hypothesis (1):	Bin Ladin 's featuring in the proceedings was significant .

orig premise:	In addition , they overstated the FAA 's ability to provide the military with timely and useful information that morning .
orig hypothesis (0):	They oversold the competence off the FAA in regards to providing useful information on time .
adv hypothesis (2):	They oversold the competence off the FAA in regards to providing useful information on hour .

orig premise:	Rice , who entered the room shortly after the Vice President and sat next to him , remembered hearing him inform the President , Sir , the CAPs are up .
orig hypothesis (0):	Rice came in and took a seat .
adv hypothesis (1):	Rice infiltrated in and took a seat .

orig premise:	Yeah that 's one that I like .
orig hypothesis (2):	I do n't like that one .
adv hypothesis (0):	I am n't iove that one .

orig premise:	Duende meant ` hobgoblin , ' ` sprite , ' or ` ghost ' in Spanish for a long time , but it is not known when it acquired its artistic coloration .
orig hypothesis (2):	Duende does not have anything to do with the paranormal .
adv hypothesis (1):	Duende want not had anything to do with the paranormal .

orig premise:	But uh , come mealtime boy this little apartment with central air conditioning running , the smoke hung about four and a half five feet down from the ceiling .
orig hypothesis (1):	The smoke filled the small apartment very quickly .
adv hypothesis (0):	The smoke filled the small apartment very immediatly .

orig premise:	I , I do think they read to them when they are little .
orig hypothesis (1):	They are certain they were read stories when they were little .
adv hypothesis (0):	They are certain they were read stories when they were small .

orig premise:	These trainers were later heard boasting that their assistance led to the October 1993 shootdown of two U.S.
orig hypothesis (1):	At a later point , these trainers were heard bragging that their help led to the shoot-down and complete destruction of two U.S. helicopters .
adv hypothesis (0):	At a later point , these trainer were overheard boastful that their supportive led to the shoot-down and iend demolished of two U.S. helicopters .

orig premise:	To the best of our recollection , this may be the only instance in which the origin of an expression has been traced to a statue .
orig hypothesis (0):	As far as we can recall , this might be the only case in which a statue inspired the creation of an expression .
adv hypothesis (1):	As far as we can recall , this might be the only case in which a statues inspired the formations of an expressions .

orig premise:	In their testimony and in other public accounts , NORAD officials also stated that the Langley fighters were scrambled to respond to the notifications about American 77,178 United 93 , or both .
orig hypothesis (1):	NORAD officials said that the Langley fighters were called into action at 10:00 .
adv hypothesis (2):	NORAD servants told that the Langley soldiers were telephone into action at 10:00 .

orig premise:	When you make your contribution to the law school in 1992 , please take a moment to follow the three easy steps listed above .
orig hypothesis (1):	Please follow the three easy steps listed above when you make your contribution and please persuade your friends to do the same .
adv hypothesis (2):	Please abide the five facilitate steps listed above when you supplying your contributions and please persuade your buddies to do the same .

orig premise:	crapulous , crapulent What this suggests would , of course , only occur to pre-pubescent boys and has nothing to do with the real meaning of drunkenness , overeating .
orig hypothesis (1):	Drunkenness and gluttony are important undertakings that go hand in hand with being men .
adv hypothesis (0):	Drunkenness and gluttony are important undertakings that expend hand in part with being men .

orig premise:	General Wherley translated this in military terms to flying weapons free-that is , the decision to shoot rests in the cockpit , or in this case in the cockpit of the lead pilot .
orig hypothesis (1):	General Wherley described it in military lingo as flying weapons free , meaning that the decision to shoot rests with the lead pilot and is based on instinct .
adv hypothesis (0):	General Wherley described it in military lingo as aeroplanes weapons free , meaning that the decision to shoot rests with the lead pilot and is reasoned on instinct .

orig premise:	According to one report , Saddam Hussein 's efforts at this time to rebuild relations with the Saudis and other Middle Eastern regimes led him to stay clear of Bin Ladin .
orig hypothesis (0):	Saddam Hussein made efforts to rebuild relations with the Saudis and other Middle Eastern regimes .
adv hypothesis (2):	Saddam Hussein waged efforts to rebuilding relations with the Saudis and other Middle Eastern contract .

orig premise:	Because they 're going to set up a committee , he said to me , so that when those big battalions , he said to me , of guerrillas arrive , these people attend , for example , the president is going to talk to the rest so that they all get food together for them .
orig hypothesis (2):	There is no committee for the event .
adv hypothesis (1):	There is no juries for the deeds .

orig premise:	Chapters 8 through 10 focus on the apparel industry ; Chapters 11 and 12 look at textiles .
orig hypothesis (2):	The chapters are about dog breeds only .
adv hypothesis (1):	The chapters are about dogs varieties only .

orig premise:	Knit fleece goods are commonly joined by a seaming operation called over-edging in the factory -LRB- and overlocking sewing in home use -RRB- .
orig hypothesis (1):	Home sewn knit fleece apparels will often last longer than their factory sewn counterparts .
adv hypothesis (2):	Home sewn knit overcoat apparels will perpetually final deeper than their factories pillowcase counterpart .

orig premise:	To many , it is significant that the privilege of naming , granted to Adam , was denied to Eve .
orig hypothesis (2):	No one regards Adam 's privilege of naming to be significant .
adv hypothesis (0):	No one respects Adam 's privilege of naming to be significant .

orig premise:	Lush , green fields that stretched for miles , wisps of white clouds scattered across a clear , blue sky , tranquil silence broken only by cheerful bird songs , the fresh , sweet scent of morning air .
orig hypothesis (2):	The fields were full of strawberry crops .
adv hypothesis (1):	The fields were full of blueberry crops .

orig premise:	I have nobody here to guide me .
orig hypothesis (2):	My great aunt has been helping me with getting around the city .
adv hypothesis (1):	My great aunt has been favour me with getting around the city .

orig premise:	In high school I was , you know , 3.0 's , you knows A 's and B 's an occasional C . Now here I 'm lucky if I get a C on something .
orig hypothesis (2):	Now I can easily get A 's and B 's , while before I was lucky to get a C.
adv hypothesis (0):	Now I can simply get A 's and B 's , while before I was lucky to get a C.

orig premise:	There is a bomb on board and are going back to the airport , and to have our demands -LSB- unintelligible -RSB- .
orig hypothesis (1):	The bomb on the plane was C4 explosive hidden in a backpack .
adv hypothesis (2):	The blowup on the plane was C4 explosive camouflaged in a backpack .

orig premise:	For Indianapolis , that public university must be IUPUI .
orig hypothesis (1):	The IUPUI university is the only public university in town .
adv hypothesis (2):	The IUPUI academies is the only governmental college in town .

orig premise:	Now , as children tend their gardens , they have a new appreciation of their relationship to the land , their cultural heritage , and their community .
orig hypothesis (0):	Children 's work in their gardens give them an appreciation of their cultural heritage .
adv hypothesis (2):	Children 's work in their gardens give them an acknowledgment of their cultural heritage .

orig premise:	Now you 're in , in what grade ?
orig hypothesis (0):	In which grade are you now ?
adv hypothesis (2):	In which homeroom are you now ?

orig premise:	In 1996 , these figures will triple .
orig hypothesis (2):	These figures will remain flat in 1996 .
adv hypothesis (0):	These figures will sustained flat in 1996 .

orig premise:	-RRB- for the ironic title of his dystopic novel .
orig hypothesis (1):	That it was chosen for the title of a novel about how bad the world can get is ironic .
adv hypothesis (0):	That it was decided for the headline of a novel about how unfavourable the worlds can perceive is irony .

orig premise:	Others who worked with ACM 's high school programming competition , with engineering 's super mileage vehicle , with RHllv1 's Baker 's Club , or with any of the School 's other activities helped to maintain traditions in their departments that future classes will be encouraged to continue .
orig hypothesis (2):	Future students will not be encouraged to continue these types of activities .
adv hypothesis (1):	Future students goes not sont prompted to continue these types of activities .

orig premise:	Do you remember little Pierre ?
orig hypothesis (1):	I had a friend named Pierre .
adv hypothesis (2):	I haya a friends named Pierre .

orig premise:	These people and their successes are real .
orig hypothesis (0):	Here are real people with real success .
adv hypothesis (1):	Here are real people with real avail .

orig premise:	In 1989 , the law school received $ 38,912 in matching gifts from 55 companies .
orig hypothesis (1):	The matching gifts came in waves to celebrate the law school opening , under the patronage of a famous local community owner .
adv hypothesis (2):	The corresponded gift walked in waves to observance the laws school opening , under the umbrella of a fame local community owner .

orig premise:	From his headquarters in Jersey City , he distributed messages calling for the murder of unbelievers .
orig hypothesis (0):	His headquarters were in Jersey City .
adv hypothesis (2):	His seat were in Jersey City .

orig premise:	I have nothing particularly adverse to say about the book .
orig hypothesis (0):	There is nothing adverse I can say about the book .
adv hypothesis (1):	There is nothing poisonous I can say about the book .

orig premise:	Well , as a teacher , do you see reading as something that is still important in families today ?
orig hypothesis (0):	Is reading still something important that families should do nowadays ?
adv hypothesis (1):	Is reading still something important that families should makes henceforth ?

orig premise:	The Grill will feature enough activities that you and your kids will have a tough time deciding what to do .
orig hypothesis (0):	It is hard to choose which activity to do
adv hypothesis (2):	It is herculean to choose which activity to do

orig premise:	Um , I like this area a whole lot and it 's , it 's growing so much and I just want to be near my family so I can take care of them whenever they get older .
orig hypothesis (2):	I really despise living in this location and would prefer to be farther away from my relatives .
adv hypothesis (0):	I heartily defiance resided in this places and would prefer to be farther elsewhere from my cousins .

orig premise:	The New York Center controller and manager were unaware that American 11 had already crashed .
orig hypothesis (1):	The controllers soon found out the plane had crashed .
adv hypothesis (2):	The controllers quickly found out the plane had crashed .

orig premise:	Notwithstanding , even the brief glimpses afforded by such investigations can provide some insight into civilizations that existed hundreds or , in some cases , thousands of years earlier .
orig hypothesis (2):	These investigations tell us very little about historical civilizations .
adv hypothesis (1):	These investigations tell us very narrow about yesteryear civilizations .

orig premise:	I 'm all for Latin courses , but there 's an easier way of building your English vocabulary then plowing through the intricacies of Latin morphology and syntax .
orig hypothesis (2):	There is no easier way to learn English than by studying Latin morphology .
adv hypothesis (1):	There is no simplistic routed to procure English than by research Latin physiology .

orig premise:	On behalf of all the men , women and children in Central Indiana who will benefit from your kindness , thank you .
orig hypothesis (0):	We thank you on behalf of everybody who will be helped .
adv hypothesis (2):	We thank you on behalf of everybody who will be pomoc .

orig premise:	Our neighbor had a pool and we were kind of like the Hatfield 's and McCoy 's , they were n't very nice people and they did n't like us .
orig hypothesis (2):	The neighbors loved us and treated us like family .
adv hypothesis (1):	The neighbors wanted we and treated us like family .

orig premise:	I 've read several of his books both fiction and non-fiction books .
orig hypothesis (0):	I 've read some of his fiction and non-fiction books .
adv hypothesis (1):	I 've read some of his fiction and non-fiction lb .

orig premise:	Let 's get it right .
orig hypothesis (2):	Let 's screw this up .
adv hypothesis (0):	Let 's kiss this up .

orig premise:	A response card is enclosed for your convenience .
orig hypothesis (1):	It is required that you RSVP with the enclosed response card .
adv hypothesis (2):	It is required that you RSVP with the enclosed response postcard .

orig premise:	go off half cocked Muzzleloaders , then as now , had a half cock , or safety position , for a gun 's hammer that partially back-locked the trigger mechanism so that the weapon could not be fired .
orig hypothesis (2):	A gun 's hammer does not connect to the trigger component .
adv hypothesis (0):	A gun 's hammer does not connecting to the trigger component .

orig premise:	Right now , there are thousands of people who do not know what it feels like to support themselves .
orig hypothesis (1):	Although the number is shrinking , there are still thousands of people that do n't know what it 's like to support themselves .
adv hypothesis (2):	Although the number is fallen , there are still hundred of people that do n't know what it 's like to support themselves .

orig premise:	I collected , in northeastern Colorado , a very large -LRB- ca. 1 inch -RRB- species of robber fly -LRB- family Asilidae -RRB- .
orig hypothesis (0):	Robber flies can be up to an inch .
adv hypothesis (1):	Robber flies can be up to an inches .

orig premise:	NORAD officials have maintained that they would have intercepted and shot down United 93 .
orig hypothesis (1):	NORAD would have sent their fighters to take out the engines of United 93 .
adv hypothesis (0):	NORAD would have sent their fighters to take out the motorcar of United 93 .

orig premise:	Before she died and she crashed on that curve .
orig hypothesis (1):	We had a lot of good times together before she died .
adv hypothesis (2):	We brought a lot of good times together before she died .

orig premise:	Campbell held that the ancient mythologies and religions are allegorical and that there was no real distinction between gods and goddesses , who were given sexual identity when in human form only to make them more meaningful .
orig hypothesis (2):	God does n't exist .
adv hypothesis (1):	God does n't persist .

orig premise:	Late last Spring , we established an account for the IGGS Scholarship to help defray the tuition costs for an undergraduate major in Geology at IUPUI .
orig hypothesis (0):	We created the IGGS Scholarship to help Geology major undergraduates with their tuition costs .
adv hypothesis (1):	We created the IGGS Scholarship to help Geology major undergraduates with their tuition royalty .

orig premise:	Ah , Uncle Wiggly was a favorite .
orig hypothesis (2):	Uncle Wiggly had never been a very popular man .
adv hypothesis (1):	Uncle Wiggly had never been a very contemporary man .

orig premise:	I wo n't tell .
orig hypothesis (1):	I wo n't tell your brother .
adv hypothesis (0):	I am n't inform your dude .

orig premise:	A diskette is also called a floppy ; the reason for the name is not immediately apparent -LRB- nor why the item is called a diskette , for that matter -RRB- , but all becomes clear .
orig hypothesis (1):	Floppy is a very archaic term .
adv hypothesis (2):	Floppy is a very antiquated term .

orig premise:	What Clustering Looks Like in the Real World
orig hypothesis (2):	How clustering looks on paper .
adv hypothesis (1):	How clustering looks on papers .

orig premise:	Is it like a gun ?
orig hypothesis (2):	Is it a ball ?
adv hypothesis (0):	Is it a bullet ?

orig premise:	What did you enjoy about reading the Lewis and Clark journals ?
orig hypothesis (2):	The Lewis and Clark journals must have been boring reading .
adv hypothesis (1):	The Lewis and Clark journals must have been tiring reading .

orig premise:	Bear in mind , however , that the information-integrated channel requires substantial investment in technologies by retailers .
orig hypothesis (1):	Retailers might want to invest in other things too .
adv hypothesis (0):	Retailers may aspires to invest in other things too .

orig premise:	I 'll ask you first Mom , and then Dad .
orig hypothesis (1):	I have a couple more questions for you , mom and dad .
adv hypothesis (0):	I ont a couple more questions for you , mom and dad .

orig premise:	We serve a classic Tuscan meal that includes a Florentine terrine made with dick and chicken livers .
orig hypothesis (1):	It is a delicious meal of Florentine terrine .
adv hypothesis (0):	It is a tasty meal of Florentine terrine .

orig premise:	Two minutes later the transponder was turned off and even primary radar contact with the aircraft was lost .
orig hypothesis (2):	The aircraft took 5 more minutes for the transponder to turn off .
adv hypothesis (1):	The aircraft took 5 more mins for the transponder to turn off .

orig premise:	Do you plan on staying in Charlotte ?
orig hypothesis (2):	Are you going to wash your car ?
adv hypothesis (0):	Are you going to clean your lorry ?

orig premise:	Then watch your gift multiply .
orig hypothesis (2):	Watch your gift dwindle .
adv hypothesis (0):	Watch your gift wane .

orig premise:	In 1971 , he opened is first business , a small New Jersey construction firm .
orig hypothesis (1):	His early business years in construction were tough as he struggled to make ends meet .
adv hypothesis (2):	His immediate business years in construction were rigid as he struggled to make ends meet .

orig premise:	-LRB- Admittedly , no party completely purges its rhetoric of terms like phallologocentric , however . -RRB-
orig hypothesis (2):	Terms like phallogocentric are always completely purged within a party .
adv hypothesis (0):	Terms like phallogocentric are oftentimes outright purged within a party .

orig premise:	And how they use to take their lunches to school and some of the things they took for lunch like fatback meat biscuits and -- .
orig hypothesis (0):	In the past they would bring their lunches to school .
adv hypothesis (1):	In the past they would brings their eatin to school .

orig premise:	Increased rates of product introduction , product proliferation , and shortened product cycles mean that companies have to respond much faster to rapidly changing markets .
orig hypothesis (2):	Slower proliferation , production rate and other factors increase the amount of time companies have to respond to the market .
adv hypothesis (1):	Slower spreads , production rate and other factors increase the amount of time companies have to respond to the market .

orig premise:	Again , the time it takes managers to reach a decision is what determines the length of this process .
orig hypothesis (0):	Again , the time it takes in making a decision determines how long this process is .
adv hypothesis (2):	Again , the time it takes in making a decision determines how longstanding this addressed is .

orig premise:	Yeah , I have a son that uh , likes to relive the tragedy of his split lip .
orig hypothesis (1):	My son is n't really that fond of telling any stories , but he does have this one that he loves to tell to everyone and everything that he can about his split lip .
adv hypothesis (2):	My son is n't really that fond of telling any stories , but he does have this one that he love to tell to everyone and everything that he can about his split lip .

orig premise:	-LRB- The Shia are dominant in Iran . -RRB-
orig hypothesis (0):	In Iran , dominance is held by the Shia .
adv hypothesis (1):	In Iran , primate is held by the Shia .

orig premise:	Whether clerical workers or executives , the majority confirmed the parental state of mind just They complained of overly long workdays and frenetic home lives .
orig hypothesis (0):	They did complain of workdays that were too long and a home life that was frenetic .
adv hypothesis (1):	They gotten complained of workdays that were too longtime and a family lifestyles that was wild .

orig premise:	So , too , feminists lobby for gender-neutral terms when appropriate .
orig hypothesis (2):	Feminists do n't care about how people speak .
adv hypothesis (1):	Feminists do n't loving about how people speak .

orig premise:	At 9:37:46 , American Airlines Flight 77 crashed into the Pentagon , traveling at approximately 530 miles per hour .
orig hypothesis (0):	American Airlines Flight 77 struck the Pentagon at precisely 9:37:46 .
adv hypothesis (1):	American Airlines Flight 77 impressed the Pentagon at precisely 9:37:46 .

orig premise:	She asked her mother to alert American Airlines .
orig hypothesis (0):	She asked her mom to call American Airlines .
adv hypothesis (1):	She asked her mom to phone American Airlines .

orig premise:	Securely attached infants actively seek contact with and are easily consoled by their familiar , responsive caregiver .
orig hypothesis (2):	Securely attached infants do not often seek comfort and contact from their caregiver .
adv hypothesis (0):	Securely attached infants know not oftentimes tried comfort and contact from their caregiver .

orig premise:	In the hands of parents and teachers lies the awesome responsibility of conveying to the next generation the intellectual , scientific , aesthetic , and moral achievements that dierentiate our species from others .
orig hypothesis (0):	Parents have the responsibility to convey to the next generation the scientific achievements humans have made .
adv hypothesis (2):	Parents have the responsibility to dispatching to the next generation the scientific achievements humans have made .

orig premise:	Assume that the retailer wishes to provide a 95 percent order-fulfillment rate for this SKU , that the retailer checks inventory once per week , and that the manufacturer 's lead time to deliver replenishment units is overnight .
orig hypothesis (0):	That the inventory checks are conducted weekly by the retailer is one of the assumptions .
adv hypothesis (2):	That the inventory checks are conducted monthly by the retailer is one of the assumptions .

orig premise:	The order must be broken down into groups of units to be worked on together .
orig hypothesis (1):	The customer 's order needs to be split into groups of four being worked on .
adv hypothesis (2):	The customer 's order needs to be seperated into groups of four being worked on .

orig premise:	In their testimony and in other public accounts , NORAD officials also stated that the Langley fighters were scrambled to respond to the notifications about American 77,178 United 93 , or both .
orig hypothesis (2):	The Langley fighters remained on the ground according to NORAD officials .
adv hypothesis (0):	The Langley fighters sustained on the ground according to NORAD officials .

orig premise:	Between 9:01 and 9:02 , a manager from New York Center told the Command Center in
orig hypothesis (2):	Between 9:01 and 9:02 , nobody contacted the Command Center .
adv hypothesis (1):	Between 9:01 and 9:02 , nobody imparting the Command Center .

orig premise:	When he came home , it was harder controlling diabetes .
orig hypothesis (0):	It became harder to control his diabetes once he was home .
adv hypothesis (1):	It became harder to control his diabetes once he was indoor .

orig premise:	Oh , you want a cracker !
orig hypothesis (2):	I know . You do n't want a cracker .
adv hypothesis (1):	I realize . You have n't wanna a crevices .

orig premise:	For the short term , its impact will be on a relatively small niche market .
orig hypothesis (2):	The impact will be on a large market .
adv hypothesis (1):	The impact will be on a grands negotiated .

orig premise:	To foster productivity -LRB- physical output per worker -RRB- and constrain supervisory costs , wages are paid on a piece-rate basis , providing incentives for rapid completion of the operation .
orig hypothesis (0):	To foster productivity wages are paid on a piece-rate basis .
adv hypothesis (2):	To favouring productivity wages are paid on a piece-rate grassroots .

orig premise:	Within seconds , the Command Center received a visual report from another aircraft , and informed headquarters that the aircraft was 20 miles northwest of Johnstown .
orig hypothesis (0):	The Command Center got a visual report from another plane .
adv hypothesis (2):	The Command Center got a visual report from another hovered .

orig premise:	They were armed and under NORAD 's control .
orig hypothesis (1):	They were eager to find and engage with their target .
adv hypothesis (0):	They were willing to find and engage with their target .

orig premise:	Yet a few years ago , it almost closed its doors due to a lack of applicants .
orig hypothesis (2):	There has always been far too many applicants .
adv hypothesis (1):	There has perpetually been far too many hopefuls .

orig premise:	The entire thing !
orig hypothesis (0):	The whole thing
adv hypothesis (2):	The whole thingy

orig premise:	The Encyclopedia of Indianapolis is progressing well .
orig hypothesis (1):	Has the Encyclopedia of Indianapolis always progressed well ?
adv hypothesis (0):	Has the Encyclopedia of Indianapolis continually inroads quite ?

orig premise:	If you have any questions , please feel free to give us a call at 638-3360 .
orig hypothesis (2):	Do not contact us if you have a question
adv hypothesis (1):	Do not communicative ourselves if you have a difficulty

orig premise:	The knitting machine produces cloth as the loom does but uses a different method .
orig hypothesis (2):	Looms and knitting machines both produce cloth in the same manner .
adv hypothesis (0):	Looms and knitting tooling both produce cloth in the same shapes .

orig premise:	This book is a good introduction to the subject -LRB- in England -RRB- ; those familiar with dialectology in America , and those interested in the study in England or , indeed , generally would be well advised to add Word Maps to their libraries .
orig hypothesis (0):	This book is a great introduction to American dialect and English .
adv hypothesis (1):	This book is a vast introduction to American dialect and English .

orig premise:	Though novel for its open endorsement of indiscriminate killing , Bin Ladin 's 1998 declaration was only the latest in the long series of his public and private calls since 1992 that singled out the United States for attack .
orig hypothesis (2):	Bin Ladin had ignored the United States until 1998 .
adv hypothesis (0):	Bin Ladin had ignores the United States until 1998 .

orig premise:	Language appropriate to a basic ability to read and write , followed by the capacity to handle abstract usage , and , at a higher level , to be at ease with what Philip Gove in Webster 's Third called ISV , ` international scientific vocabulary .
orig hypothesis (1):	Philip Gove is a linguist with a masters degree in Foreign Language Studies .
adv hypothesis (0):	Philip Gove is a linguist with a signore degree in Foreign Language Studies .

orig premise:	Those in Egypt , Libya , Iraq , and Yemen were eventually overthrown by secular nationalist revolutionaries .
orig hypothesis (2):	The revolutionaries have failed to overthrow it in Yemen .
adv hypothesis (1):	The revolutionaries have failure to overthrow it in Yemen .

orig premise:	Yeah , we got ta get-we got ta alert the military real quick on this .
orig hypothesis (1):	The military should already have been alerted about this .
adv hypothesis (0):	The military shouldnt already have been alerted about this .

orig premise:	Notwithstanding the unfortunate fact that the gathering and assessment of citational evidence is not what it should -LRB- or might -RRB- be , I should still put my money on professional lexicographers and their resources rather than on M and S.
orig hypothesis (1):	M and S are a very poor production company which provide false lexicographical information
adv hypothesis (2):	M and S are a very lackluster production company which donne fictional lexicographical information

orig premise:	Engineers designed operations to take similar lengths of time to achieve line balancing .
orig hypothesis (2):	Engineers are pushing for different lengths of time to achieve line balancing .
adv hypothesis (0):	Engineers are pushing for distinct lengths of time to achieve line balancing .

orig premise:	On the other hand , the shared main entry for watershed has twenty-three words in CED but 93 in Cobuild . And the word waterless is a main entry in Cobuild , explained in twenty words , whereas in CED it is naught but a so-called undefined runon ` merely mentioned , but not explained explicitly , as a sub-entry at water . So CED enters more items than Cobuild , but devotes less space to explaining them .
orig hypothesis (0):	Cobuild uses more space to explain items but has fewer entries than CED .
adv hypothesis (1):	Cobuild exploited more space to elaborate dots but has fewer entries than CED .

orig premise:	For W9 's exemplary precision in telling us what vocabulary entries and dictionary entries are is offset by its vagueness about which type of entry its PR-wallahs have counted for their blurb .
orig hypothesis (1):	PR-wallahs are key to the marketing success and sales of dictionaries .
adv hypothesis (2):	PR-wallahs are key to the commercialized clockwork and sales of dictionaries .

orig premise:	Six , southwest of the White House , deviating away .
orig hypothesis (1):	They were monitored on radar as a precaution .
adv hypothesis (2):	They were policed on radars as a vigilant .

orig premise:	In one study , Lonigan and Whitehurst compared shared reading with teachers at preschool , shared reading with parents at home , and a combined condition .
orig hypothesis (0):	A study compared shared reading with teacher at preschool , and parents at home .
adv hypothesis (2):	A study compared shared reading with teacher at preschool , and parents at indoor .

orig premise:	The buyer should order 250 units , since there is a 75 percent probability that demand will be less than this .
orig hypothesis (0):	It is likely that the demand will be lower .
adv hypothesis (1):	It is peril that the demand will be lower .

orig premise:	In the hands of an already successful scholar , the extras that endowments provide ensure continued success - for the scholar and the school .
orig hypothesis (1):	Extras that the endowments provide include a bag full of ouija board keychains .
adv hypothesis (2):	Extras that the endowments provide implicate a bag full of ouija board keychains .

orig premise:	Of course , if a researcher tampers with the evidence , making a unilateral , unsupported claim or assumption that a word means something that it does not , then that does not constitute semantic it is what is known as dirty work at the crossroads , and M and S are indulging in a bit of mischief by suggesting that semantic change either has taken place or is taking place because they have some evidence that a certain change in usage had crept in .
orig hypothesis (2):	When researchers apply the label semantic , they always do so with great care .
adv hypothesis (1):	When researchers apply the label semantic , they always do however with immense care .

orig premise:	But if we did n't want to work with them , we should n't get them into anything with the mil , military , such as , informing on them , or something like that .
orig hypothesis (0):	We should not involve them with anything military if we do n't desire to work alongside them .
adv hypothesis (1):	We gotta not involve them with anything military if we do n't wanna to partnership alongside them .

orig premise:	Al Qaeda 's role in organizing terrorist operations had also changed .
orig hypothesis (0):	Al Qaeda later took on a different role when it came to terrorist operations .
adv hypothesis (1):	Al Qaeda later took on a different duties when it came to terrorist operations .

orig premise:	These changes are related to new technology and foreign competition .
orig hypothesis (1):	They are trying to stay on top of their competitors .
adv hypothesis (2):	They are attempting to stay on top of their competitors .

orig premise:	Quiet now .
orig hypothesis (2):	Not quiet .
adv hypothesis (0):	Not mellow .

orig premise:	We have already described some specific ways that managers can think about integration of new information technologies and manufacturing practices .
orig hypothesis (0):	Managers can think about integration of new technologies in any of the ways we have described .
adv hypothesis (1):	Managers can think about integration of newest tech in any of the ways we have explain .

orig premise:	Payment of $ 1,000 -LRB- or more -RRB- may be made now or at anytime before December 31 , 1993 .
orig hypothesis (2):	Payments may be as little as $ 10 .
adv hypothesis (0):	Payments may have as lesser as $ 10 .

orig premise:	What 's your favorite toy ?
orig hypothesis (0):	Can you tell me about your favorite toy ?
adv hypothesis (2):	Can you tell me about your opted toy ?

orig premise:	I do n't , I kind of do n't think about that though , because I 'm like my life is my life , you know ?
orig hypothesis (0):	This is my life I just do not want to think about it .
adv hypothesis (1):	This is my life I just fait not want to think about it .

orig premise:	Um , I read some of the same books that they had read to me , first , and then , as I got older , I just got hungry for books .
orig hypothesis (0):	I developed a need for books as I grew up .
adv hypothesis (1):	I developed a need for textbooks as I grew up .

orig premise:	While it apparently was not heard by the passengers , this announcement , like those on Flight 11 and Flight 77 , was intended to deceive them .
orig hypothesis (1):	The announcement was supposed to trick the passengers , but they did n't hear it , so they caught on quickly .
adv hypothesis (0):	The announcement was deemed to trick the passengers , but they did n't hear it , after they caught on shortly .

orig premise:	Thus , if a retailer follows the simplest strategy of ordering at the beginning of each week exactly those items that sold during the previous week , manufacturers must be prepared to ship an unknown number of items each week .
orig hypothesis (0):	Manufacturers should n't expect to know the number of items for every week in advance .
adv hypothesis (2):	Manufacturers should n't expect to know the number of items for every months in advance .

orig premise:	About this time , Card , the lead Secret Service agent , the President 's military aide , and the pilot were conferring on a possible destination for Air Force One .
orig hypothesis (0):	The group was having a discussion about where to fly to .
adv hypothesis (1):	The group was having a discussion about where to airplane to .

orig premise:	Um , the joys , joys and fun of construction .
orig hypothesis (0):	The joy and excitement of construction .
adv hypothesis (2):	The joy and uneasiness of construction .

orig premise:	Girl Scouting 's many friends who have been the recipients of good wishes , we have enhanced our facilities and programs to increase the joy that Girl Scouting brings to all girls .
orig hypothesis (2):	Girl Scouting has just a couple donors .
adv hypothesis (1):	Girl Scouting enjoys just a couple donors .

orig premise:	She reported that the pilot had announced that the flight had been hijacked , and she asked her husband what she should tell the captain to do .
orig hypothesis (0):	She said the pilot told them they 'd been hijacked .
adv hypothesis (2):	She said the pilot told them they 'd been hijacker .

orig premise:	But because the iron balls and the brass holders had markedly different coefficients of expansion , the pyramids of cannonballs had a tendency to collapse during cold snaps ` weather that was cold enough to freeze the balls off a brass monkey .
orig hypothesis (0):	Cold weather causes the cannonballs to collapse .
adv hypothesis (2):	Cold weather causes the cannonballs to crumbles .

orig premise:	Well , it was n't light yet when the gunfire starts .
orig hypothesis (0):	When the gunfire starts , it was not even light yet .
adv hypothesis (1):	When the shotgun starts , it was not even incandescent yet .

orig premise:	Um , she pretty much showed a lot of disinterest at best and , and outright hostility at worst towards my mom until we the kids came along .
orig hypothesis (0):	She hated my mom until we kids were born .
adv hypothesis (1):	She reviled my mom until we kids were born .

orig premise:	Because teaching a man to fish will keep him fed for his entire life .
orig hypothesis (2):	Teaching a man to fish does n't necessarily mean he will never be hungry .
adv hypothesis (1):	Teaching a man to fish does n't necessarily mean he will never viens hungry .

orig premise:	Your past contribution provided a direct line of support for local programs that promote health and wellness , strengthen families , invest in our children , help people become self-sufficient , and serve the elderly and disabled .
orig hypothesis (2):	Your old donation paid for wildlife rescue services out of state .
adv hypothesis (1):	Your longtime donation paid for wildlife rescue services out of nation .

orig premise:	Our faculty are involved in the community , working with city officials , conducting research , and providing the community with expertise and service .
orig hypothesis (1):	Our teachers are happy to be working so closely to the community .
adv hypothesis (0):	Our teachers are welcome to be working so closely to the community .

orig premise:	Die-cutters are much safer when fully automated , but building computerized loading and unloading features into the machine adds cost .
orig hypothesis (1):	Putting computerized loading and unloading features in the machine costs several thousand dollars .
adv hypothesis (0):	Putting computerized loading and unloading features in the machine costs several mille dollars .

orig premise:	As a male reader , I get strong vibrations from this book that the authors advocate the paranoid view that everything in the language that is not exactly as they would like it to be is the result of a gigantic hate program against women .
orig hypothesis (0):	A male reader may think that the author views things as hatred of women .
adv hypothesis (1):	A male reader may think that the author standpoint things as feud of women .

orig premise:	My favorite story , um , oh , Cinderella .
orig hypothesis (0):	Cinderella would be my favorite story .
adv hypothesis (1):	Cinderella would remain my favorite story .

orig premise:	The next two chapters examine apparel operations , starting with a look at the use of information technologies and automation equipment in the preassembly stages of garment-making -LRB- Chapter 8 -RRB- and then the sewing room -LRB- Chapter 9 -RRB- .
orig hypothesis (2):	Information technologies within the context of the preassembly stages of garment-making are examined in Chapter 9 but not in Chapter 8 .
adv hypothesis (1):	Information technologies within the context of the preassembly stepping of garment-making are analyse in Chapter 9 but not in Chapter 8 .

orig premise:	The whole enchilada !
orig hypothesis (0):	The entire enchilada
adv hypothesis (2):	The utter enchilada

orig premise:	In a recent provocative study , sociologist Arlie Hochschild spent months getting to know employees at a large Midwestern corporation she called Americo .
orig hypothesis (0):	Arlie Hochschild , a sociologist , spent months getting to know employees of Americo during a recent exciting study .
adv hypothesis (1):	Arlie Hochschild , a sociologist , spent months getting to know employees of Americo during a refreshed exciting study .

orig premise:	Projects which enliven and enrich the student experience and draw some of our finest scholars and teachers to our campus -- and to our city .
orig hypothesis (2):	These projects are largely ignored and do n't impact anyone .
adv hypothesis (1):	These proposals are largely missed and suis n't reverberations anyone .

orig premise:	Both set off the alarm , and they were directed to a second metal detector .
orig hypothesis (0):	Two people were directed to a metal detector after setting off the alarm .
adv hypothesis (2):	Two people were directed to a steel detector after setting off the alarm .

orig premise:	So it 's almost like a second home .
orig hypothesis (1):	It is the place I spend so much of my time .
adv hypothesis (2):	It is the spot I spend so much of my time .

orig premise:	The White House requested -LRB- 1 -RRB- the implementation of continuity of government measures , -LRB- 2 -RRB- fighter escorts for Air Force One , and -LRB- 3 -RRB- a fighter combat air patrol over Washington , D.C.
orig hypothesis (0):	The White House had a contingency plan in place .
adv hypothesis (2):	The White House had a eventuality plan in place .

orig premise:	Orwell constructed an alternative future in his vision of the totalitarian state , Nineteen Eighty-Four . The work has given English a small lode of the title itself connotes a society marked by government terror and propaganda destroying the public 's consciousness of reality -LRB- the OED Supplement also accepts 1984 and 1984-ish as adjective forms -RRB- ; that government 's official language , Newspeak , now indicates the propagandistic or ambiguous language of , among others , politicians , bureaucrats , and broadcasters -LRB- revenue enhancement for tax increase , etc. -RRB- ; the twisting of minds to the capacity to accept the validity of utterly contradictory opinions or beliefs , or double-think ; the book 's head of state , Big Brother , implies an apparently benevolent , but really ruthless , omnipotent , and omniscient state authority .
orig hypothesis (0):	Orwell 's novel , Nineteen Eight-Four , gave several words to English including 1984 , Newspeak , and double-think .
adv hypothesis (1):	Orwell 's novel , Nineteen Eight-Four , filed innumerable words to English including 1984 , Newspeak , and double-think .

orig premise:	Now where did you , when you were hearing these stories , your mother was telling them to you , where were you living at the time ?
orig hypothesis (0):	Your mother told you these stories .
adv hypothesis (2):	Your mother told you these myth .

orig premise:	In those days , people as a rule did not take much care of phonograph records .
orig hypothesis (2):	People took great care of phonograph records .
adv hypothesis (0):	People was noteworthy care of phonograph records .

orig premise:	No , they did n't , no , just that one .
orig hypothesis (1):	There was only one person the whole time .
adv hypothesis (0):	There was only one person the whole juncture .

orig premise:	Rather , the intensity of adult support depends on where the task falls within the child 's zone .
orig hypothesis (0):	Adult support the child depends on the situation .
adv hypothesis (2):	Adult subsidy the child depends on the situation .

orig premise:	Recently , the world watched as the newest space shuttle made its maiden voyage .
orig hypothesis (1):	They were all anxious to see what they would discover in space .
adv hypothesis (2):	They were all troubled to see what they would discovery in space .

orig premise:	I had , had put in several weeks that were between 60 and 90 hours a week .
orig hypothesis (1):	I worked 90 hours a week for three weeks in a row .
adv hypothesis (2):	I worked 90 hora a weeks for three weeks in a row .

orig premise:	In our fund raising efforts to date , we have received the support of local government , foundations , and corporations as well as the personal financial commitments of individual MCCOY Board members .
orig hypothesis (1):	We have raised thousands of dollars in our fund raising .
adv hypothesis (0):	We have raised cheon of dollars in our fund raising .

orig premise:	The ability to keep learning , to keep discovering , and to keep inventing becomes even more important if we are to compete in tomorrow 's world .
orig hypothesis (0):	In order to stay competitive today we must keep learning and discovering and inventing .
adv hypothesis (1):	In order to persisted compete today we must retention learning and spotted and invention .

orig premise:	Home in Black Mountain a chile ' will smack yo ' face ;
orig hypothesis (1):	A chile can be very strong .
adv hypothesis (2):	A chile can be very solid .

orig premise:	Let us start with the three groups of clues encountered in the classical crossword synonyms , superordinates , and definitions .
orig hypothesis (0):	We will start with classical crossword synonyms , super-ordinates and definitions .
adv hypothesis (1):	We will outset with classical crossword synonyms , super-ordinates and definitions .

orig premise:	Human needs are on the rise in central Indiana and we have to meet the challenge .
orig hypothesis (2):	We do n't need to worry , because human needs are not rising in central Indiana .
adv hypothesis (1):	We do n't needing to panicked , because human needs are not increases in vital Indiana .

orig premise:	Under the command of state governors , they provided support to civilian agencies to assess the nature of the attack , offer medical and technical advice , and coordinate state and local responses .
orig hypothesis (1):	They gave support to civilian groups to see how bad the attack was , then gave $ 1million to respond to it .
adv hypothesis (2):	They remitted contribution to civilian groups to visualise how bad the attack was , then remitted $ 1million to fulfils to it .

orig premise:	Um , not really anything unusual .
orig hypothesis (1):	It 's happened before .
adv hypothesis (2):	It 's transpired before .

orig premise:	Do you have a chance to re-tell this story , um , in your work or to your own children ?
orig hypothesis (2):	I do n't care about your story .
adv hypothesis (1):	I does n't considerate about your story .

orig premise:	In addition , there was a rich collection of words relating to water , not necessarily indicating its presence .
orig hypothesis (0):	There was a collection of words that were about water .
adv hypothesis (2):	There was a collating of words that were about water .

orig premise:	This fall alumni and students at the Indiana University School of Law Indianapolis will initiate several programs to encourage alumni support for the school .
orig hypothesis (2):	No programs centered on alumni support are available .
adv hypothesis (1):	No pog concentrating on sages support are available .

orig premise:	I just really did n't ever love poetry for some reason .
orig hypothesis (0):	I really do not ever have a love for poetry .
adv hypothesis (1):	I really do not ever have a luv for stanzas .

orig premise:	What color was it painted ?
orig hypothesis (1):	What color was the small vase painted ?
adv hypothesis (2):	What bluish was the small vase painted ?

orig premise:	Command Uh , that 's a decision somebody 's gon na have to make probably in the next ten minutes .
orig hypothesis (0):	That decision needs to be made in ten minutes or less .
adv hypothesis (1):	That decision needs to be made in ten minutes or slightest .

orig premise:	When one of these women gave birth to a child without knowing which sailor had fathered it , the paternity was logged as gun , perhaps alluding to the midship gun , which was often located near the makeshift maternity room .
orig hypothesis (2):	The child 's father was logged as simply `` sailor '' .
adv hypothesis (0):	The child 's father was logged as just `` sailor '' .

orig premise:	Sexually Transmitted Infections -LRB- including AIDS -RRB-
orig hypothesis (0):	Sexually Transmitted Infections include AIDS .
adv hypothesis (1):	Sexually Transmitted Infections embrace AIDS .

orig premise:	Its overall influence is profound but undiscussed , although aspects of that influence are discussed constantly , under headings like language , education , standards , literacy , literature , science , and medicine .
orig hypothesis (0):	There are some aspects of its influence that are discussed .
adv hypothesis (1):	There are some aspects of its fallout that are reconsidered .

orig premise:	Unfortunately , with this famous Lipschitz diamond comes also the famous Lipschitz curse .
orig hypothesis (0):	The Lipschitz diamond is cursed .
adv hypothesis (1):	The Lipschitz diamond is bloodstained .

orig premise:	Spreading the cloth many plies thick without stressing the cloth is , again , one of the quality steps of getting ready to sew .
orig hypothesis (0):	One important step in sewing is spreading the cloth many piles thick and not stressing it .
adv hypothesis (1):	One important milestone in sews is aired the rags many piles thick and not stating it .

orig premise:	The total production quantity for each SKU is allocated between the two plants .
orig hypothesis (2):	The entire production amounts are assigned to only one of the plants .
adv hypothesis (1):	The entire industrialists amounts are allot to only one of the herbs .

orig premise:	Here at The Salvation Army , this is our continuous goal .
orig hypothesis (2):	Here at The Salvation Army , we do not set goals .
adv hypothesis (1):	Here at The Salvation Army , we do not putting ambition .

orig premise:	Under the leadership of Dean H. William Gilmore , the school has identified student support and technological infrastructure as the greatest needs in this year 's annual fund appeal .
orig hypothesis (0):	Donations are being sought in the areas of Student support and technological infrastructure this year .
adv hypothesis (1):	Donations are being sought in the areas of Student support and technological infrastructure this yr .

orig premise:	And so , uh , those things come about through the work of reading rather than through listening to some person on the street corner or , uh , gazing on TV .
orig hypothesis (0):	Those things happen because of the effort required to read instead of listening to someone talk .
adv hypothesis (1):	Those things happen because of the efforts required to read instead of listening to someone talk .

orig premise:	The Operations Center located at FAA headquarters receives notifications of incidents , including accidents and hijackings .
orig hypothesis (2):	No one at the FFA headquarters receives notifications of incidents .
adv hypothesis (1):	No one at the FFA seat achieves ads of deeds .

orig premise:	Consider Dickens ' sharp image in Bleak House -LRB- Chapter LIV -RRB- when he describes how Sir Leicester leans back in his chair , and breathlessly ejaculates .
orig hypothesis (1):	Charles Dickens wrote Bleak House while sitting in his favorite chair .
adv hypothesis (0):	Charles Dickens wrote Bleak House while sitting in his fave chair .

orig premise:	Lenient -- lenient , you know .
orig hypothesis (0):	Permissive , tolerant
adv hypothesis (2):	Permissive , compassionate

orig premise:	Blaring sirens and horrendous crime .
orig hypothesis (1):	Loud sirens going off in the distance and guns ablaze .
adv hypothesis (0):	Loud sirens going off in the distance and gunfire ablaze .

orig premise:	The law school is limited in these recessionary times because it 's impractical to raise tuition significantly to gain the difference from lost state appropriations .
orig hypothesis (1):	Its impractical to raise tuition significantly due to the already extremely anomalously high fees .
adv hypothesis (0):	Its unattainable to raise tuition significantly due to the already extremely anomalously high fees .

orig premise:	May good cess befall all such quixotically misguided readers !
orig hypothesis (0):	May that happen to all the misguided viewers .
adv hypothesis (2):	May that happen to all the unsuitable viewers .

orig premise:	I sat soaking at about 100F , while an exuberant gentleman on my left , who was wearing his washcloth draped over his head , gave me his four words of New York , Broadway , Niagara Falls , Grand Canyon . The real cultural joy , however , lay in just immersing myself in this aura , evoking Dante and 8 ?? , and watching the occupants through the steamy haze as they lathered , rinsed , and squatted on little plastic stools to shave before low-hung misted mirrors against the walls ` all this before I slap-slapped back to my room to enjoy dinner on the floor .
orig hypothesis (1):	I was soaking my feet specifically as they are sore .
adv hypothesis (0):	I was soaking my feet explicitly as they are ache .

orig premise:	Practicing and solidifying modes of representation , Piaget emphasized , make it possible for the child to free thought from the here and now ; create larger images of reality that take into account past , present , and future ; and transform those images mentally in the service of logical thinking .
orig hypothesis (0):	Piaget emphasized , a holistic approach to logical thinking .
adv hypothesis (2):	Piaget emphasized , a holistic nearing to logical ideology .

orig premise:	We shall return to this point later .
orig hypothesis (2):	We will skip this .
adv hypothesis (0):	We will expend this .

orig premise:	It would be so damn foggy you could not see the yellow line on that divided highway in front of you and we to turn left out onto this highway .
orig hypothesis (1):	The fog did not allow us to turn right .
adv hypothesis (2):	The fog did not allowed us to turn right .

orig premise:	Few Americans had noticed it .
orig hypothesis (1):	Americans are not very observant .
adv hypothesis (0):	Americans are not very observational .

orig premise:	During my time in senior high , and , after that , in the Army Air Force , I had other things on my mind -LRB- there was a war on , after all -RRB- , and I did n't give the MUSKRAT-MUSKAT-MUSCAT RAMBLE problem any thought .
orig hypothesis (0):	I was worried about a lot of things back then .
adv hypothesis (1):	I was worry about a lot of things back then .

orig premise:	At the other end of the spectrum , a manufacturer can alter its internal design , planning , procurement , and manufacturing operations and respond rapidly to demand changes through the use of flexible manufacturing or sourcing practices .
orig hypothesis (0):	Flexible manufacturing and sourcing can help a manufacturer adjust to changing demands .
adv hypothesis (1):	Flexible manufacturing and sourcing can help a craftsmen adjust to changing obliging .

orig premise:	The international environment for Bin Ladin 's efforts was ideal .
orig hypothesis (0):	The environment internationally for Bin Ladin 's efforts was just right .
adv hypothesis (1):	The scenery internationally for Bin Ladin 's efforts was just right .

orig premise:	We can and should be proud that the IU School of Dentistry is positioned to remain an international leader in these challenging times facing health care .
orig hypothesis (0):	The IU school of dentistry is poised to remain a leader in these challenging times , and we should be proud .
adv hypothesis (1):	The IU school of dentistry is preparing to remain a leader in these challenging times , and we waited be proud .

orig premise:	The message , again , that I get from the story , for me personally , was that there would always be a special connection between me and God , and actually was just another of the ways my grandmother put for me to learn , or believe , that I could do anything , I could be anything , because I had a special connection and special protection , um , from not only her , which was more important for me at the time .
orig hypothesis (0):	The message that I got from my Grandmother 's story was that I would always have a special connection with God and that I could do anything , I just needed to believe .
adv hypothesis (2):	The message that I got from my Grandmother 's tale was that I would always have a sole bond with God and that I could do anything , I just requested to believing .

orig premise:	This sort of misnomer leads Carnegie to suppose that to the uninitiated no map is so misleading as that of West Australia where lakes are salt-bogs without surface water , springs seldom run , and native ` wells ' are merely tiny holes in the rock , yielding from 0 to 200 gallons .
orig hypothesis (2):	The terms for water are the same in Australia as they are through out the world .
adv hypothesis (1):	The terminology for water are the same in Australia as they are through out the globe .

orig premise:	We have provided an invoice to facilitate your gift .
orig hypothesis (2):	There 's no invoice available for your gift .
adv hypothesis (1):	There 's no inv achievable for your gift .

orig premise:	Knitting mills now account for almost 30 percent of production employees engaged in textile manufacturing .
orig hypothesis (1):	Employees engaged in textile manufacturing tend to be disgruntled .
adv hypothesis (2):	Employees perpetrated in webbing manufacturing tend to be peeved .

orig premise:	If you try to make any moves , you 'll endanger yourself and the airplane .
orig hypothesis (2):	You should feel at liberty to move around as you like ,
adv hypothesis (0):	You should feel at liberties to move around as you like ,

orig premise:	If you help me , I said , to move my livestock to Chapeltique .
orig hypothesis (1):	It would be great if you could help me relocate my livestock .
adv hypothesis (0):	It would be wondrous if you could help me relocate my livestock .

orig premise:	State financial support is unlikely to increase significantly during the remainder of this decade .
orig hypothesis (2):	The state has substantially increased spending for all manner of financial support services .
adv hypothesis (1):	The state has critically improve spending for all manner of financial support services .

orig premise:	that an anagram is lurking nearby .
orig hypothesis (2):	Nowhere in the vicinity is an anagram to be seen .
adv hypothesis (1):	Nowhere in the bordering is an anagram to be seen .

orig premise:	These dialogues occur frequently and spontaneously as adults and children spend time together ` in everyday situations such as household chores , mealtimes , play , storybook reading , outings in the community , and children 's eorts to acquire all sorts of skills .
orig hypothesis (0):	These dialogues happen often because kids and adults spend time together every day .
adv hypothesis (1):	These dialogues happen often because kids and adults tunnels time together every day .

orig premise:	We are very aware of the important role financial resources will playas we look to the future .
orig hypothesis (1):	We know about the importance of financial resources from grants and donations .
adv hypothesis (2):	We know about the importance of hacienda resources from grants and giving .

orig premise:	My mom believes me , because she knows I 'll go .
orig hypothesis (1):	My mother is the only one who believes me these days .
adv hypothesis (2):	My mamas is the only one who believes me these days .

orig premise:	A total of 32 such National Guard teams were authorized by fiscal year 2001 .
orig hypothesis (1):	Support for the National guard teams increased over time .
adv hypothesis (2):	Support for the National janitor teams augmented over time .

orig premise:	For example , increasing the number of products offered in a category by a factor of four -LRB- say from fifty items to 200 -RRB- without increasing total demand in the category would increase the coefficient of variation for each individual product by a factor of two .
orig hypothesis (0):	As an example , increasing the number of products offered in a category by a factor of four .
adv hypothesis (2):	As an example , widens the number of products offered in a category by a factor of four .

orig premise:	He dia , diagnosed me as having acute leukemia and um , this was when I lived back in Raleigh .
orig hypothesis (0):	When I was living in Raleigh before I lived here , I found out I had severe leukemia .
adv hypothesis (1):	When I was living in Raleigh before I lived here , I found out I had drastic leukaemia .

orig premise:	State financial support is unlikely to increase significantly during the remainder of this decade .
orig hypothesis (0):	Financial support from the state is unlikely to increase significantly .
adv hypothesis (2):	Financial support from the state is conceivable to increase significantly .

orig premise:	This is not surprising , given the traditional retailing strategy under which retailers commit to purchases well in advance of the selling season .
orig hypothesis (2):	Purchases are committed to just days before the selling season .
adv hypothesis (1):	Purchases are committed to just weeks before the seii seasons .

orig premise:	Please help Goodwill and help people find jobs .
orig hypothesis (1):	There are a lot of people wanting to work for Goodwill .
adv hypothesis (0):	There are a consignment of people wanting to work for Goodwill .

orig premise:	The good news is that the teen-age birth rate has fallen almost 9 percent since 1991 .
orig hypothesis (0):	The teen birth rate has fallen since 1991 , which is good news .
adv hypothesis (1):	The teen birth rate has fallen since 1991 , which is good novice .

orig premise:	But the situation soon
orig hypothesis (0):	The situation soon .
adv hypothesis (2):	The situation immediatly .

orig premise:	There is no fat in our budget .
orig hypothesis (2):	Fat has maintained through our budget up until this day .
adv hypothesis (1):	Fat has maintained through our estimates up until this day .

orig premise:	At 8:34 , the Boston Center controller received a third transmission from American 11 :
orig hypothesis (1):	The Boston Center controller got a third transmission from American 11 that said the plane was crashing right then .
adv hypothesis (2):	The Boston Center controller got a iii transmission from American 11 that proclaims the plane was crashing right then .

orig premise:	Join the Friends of Herron and get the inside scoop on the local art scene .
orig hypothesis (2):	The Friends of Herron has no news on the art scene .
adv hypothesis (1):	The Friends of Herron enjoys no presse on the art scene .

orig premise:	It was kind of , it 's sort of , it seemed unfair to me to , um , to subject her to that , and plus , I mean , the schedule was just starting to take a toll on me as well , and you can only put in so many 80 hour weeks before you kind of break down from it .
orig hypothesis (1):	Oil drilling kept me away from my wife and family for so long that I just had to quit and come back .
adv hypothesis (2):	Oil drilling kept me away from my wife and family for even long that I just had to quit and come back .

orig premise:	Your involvement will be greatly appreciated .
orig hypothesis (0):	It would be great if you were involved .
adv hypothesis (2):	It would be peachy if you were involved .

orig premise:	It had resumed its flight to Minnesota and saw the smoke from the crash of United 93 , less than two minutes after the plane went down .
orig hypothesis (0):	The plane started to smoke two minutes after the crash .
adv hypothesis (2):	The plane started to smoke three minutes after the crash .

orig premise:	He died in a ferryboat accident on Lake Victoria just a few days after Bin Ladin arrived in Jalalabad , leaving Bin Ladin with a need to replace him not only in the Shura but also as supervisor of the cells and prospective operations in East Africa .
orig hypothesis (0):	After his untimely death , Bin Ladin was forced to replace his roles in the Shura and in supervising cells in East Africa .
adv hypothesis (1):	After his untimely death , Bin Ladin was forced to supersedes his roles in the Shura and in inspectors cell in East Africa .

orig premise:	It was kind of , it 's sort of , it seemed unfair to me to , um , to subject her to that , and plus , I mean , the schedule was just starting to take a toll on me as well , and you can only put in so many 80 hour weeks before you kind of break down from it .
orig hypothesis (0):	You can only keep doing 80 weeks for so long before it wears you down .
adv hypothesis (1):	You can only keep done 80 week for alike longue before it wears you down .

orig premise:	By combining our assets , we can make a difference .
orig hypothesis (2):	Even if we pool resources , it wo n't make a difference .
adv hypothesis (1):	Even if we pool resources , it wo n't afford a distinction .

orig premise:	Has that directive been transmitted to the aircraft ?
orig hypothesis (2):	Has radio silence been maintained ?
adv hypothesis (1):	Has radio silenced been maintained ?

orig premise:	In those countries where dialect study is undertaken , dialectologists observe that there are today many factors militating against the strict maintenance of older dialect the standardization of terminology as adopted by national periodicals , news services , radio , and television ; the establishment of prestige dialects and , through the media , their promulgation ; and the huge population shifts that have taken place , particularly in the U.S. since WWII .
orig hypothesis (1):	Outside of the U.S. , this phenomenon is most prominently seen in the other countries involved in WWII .
adv hypothesis (0):	Outside of the U.S. , this phenomenon is most seemingly seen in the other countries involved in WWII .

orig premise:	It only takes three quick , easy steps to obtain a matching gift from your -LRB- or your spouse 's -RRB- employer to enhance your donation to the Indiana University School of Law - Indianapolis .
orig hypothesis (2):	You can get your employer to make a matching gift if several difficult steps are taken .
adv hypothesis (1):	You can get your employer to make a matching gift if several difficult step are taken .

orig premise:	You never call .
orig hypothesis (1):	You rarely call on the phone , nor webcam .
adv hypothesis (2):	You generally call on the phone , nor webcam .

orig premise:	But while the effort failed , it shows what Bin Ladin and his associates hoped to do .
orig hypothesis (0):	Bin Ladin and his associates ' goals were revealed by their failed effort .
adv hypothesis (2):	Bin Ladin and his associate ' millennium were revealed by their failed effort .

orig premise:	The Vice President was mistaken in his belief that shootdown authorization had been passed to the pilots flying at NORAD 's direction .
orig hypothesis (0):	The Vice President thought that NORAD pilots had received the shootdown authorization .
adv hypothesis (1):	The Vice President thought that NORAD protests took received the shootdown approvals .

orig premise:	Or the virtual impossibility of finding a quiet place to study or even think , so that the children can cope in school and one day have a chance of achieving something better ?
orig hypothesis (1):	Children who do n't have a quiet place to study drop out at a high rate .
adv hypothesis (2):	Children who do n't fi a quiet place to study drop out at a high rate .

orig premise:	Language appropriate to a basic ability to read and write , followed by the capacity to handle abstract usage , and , at a higher level , to be at ease with what Philip Gove in Webster 's Third called ISV , ` international scientific vocabulary .
orig hypothesis (2):	A basic language ability means to be able to write backwards .
adv hypothesis (0):	A basic language ability means to be able to write backside .

orig premise:	How about when you were in school ?
orig hypothesis (0):	What about when you were in school ?
adv hypothesis (2):	What about when you were in teachers ?

orig premise:	We serve a classic Tuscan meal that includes a Florentine terrine made with dick and chicken livers .
orig hypothesis (0):	We serve a meal of Florentine terrine .
adv hypothesis (2):	We serve a grocery of Florentine terrine .

orig premise:	It 's kind of a , which is the cause and which is the effect , question .
orig hypothesis (1):	We can work out which is the cause and which is the effect .
adv hypothesis (0):	We can works out which is the cause and which is the effect .

orig premise:	Rounding a bend , with the sun now behind us , the show suddenly transforms to green moss , yellow sand , blue-green conifers .
orig hypothesis (2):	We can not see green moss , yellow sand , and blue-green conifers .
adv hypothesis (0):	We can not see green mus , yellow sand , and blue-green conifers .

orig premise:	At the same time , children can develop more attractive dispositions and adaptive skills as the result of parental warmth , attention , and consistent guidance .
orig hypothesis (0):	Kids can develop better dispositions .
adv hypothesis (2):	Kids can develop better ordinance .

orig premise:	... Einstein 's Special Theory of Relativity does not say that E = MC2 and in leap year MC2 .
orig hypothesis (2):	Einstein 's Special Theory of Relativity indeed does say that E = MC2 and in leap year MC2 .
adv hypothesis (0):	Einstein 's Special Theory of Relativity indeed do avowed that E = MC2 and in leap year MC2 .

orig premise:	Mr. Thomas B. Lemann points out that the transliteration of the opening quotation of Onomatoplazia -LSB- XV , 1 -RSB- contains the following
orig hypothesis (1):	Onomatoplazia 's original text is much more interesting than the transliteration .
adv hypothesis (2):	Onomatoplazia 's original text is radically more fruitful than the transliteration .

orig premise:	ordinary laborers .
orig hypothesis (2):	Extraordinary supervisors .
adv hypothesis (1):	Extraordinary monitoring .

orig premise:	he said to me .
orig hypothesis (2):	The woman said something to me .
adv hypothesis (1):	The lady said something to me .

orig premise:	And uh , I do n't remember the specifics as to what he did , but the bus driver Louie was about four and a half feet tall driving a 72-passenger diesel bus .
orig hypothesis (2):	Louie did not drive a diesel bus .
adv hypothesis (0):	Louie did not parkway a diesel bus .

orig premise:	If I was n't working here .
orig hypothesis (0):	If I was working elsewhere than here .
adv hypothesis (2):	If I was partnered elsewhere than here .

orig premise:	They seem to have him on a primary radar .
orig hypothesis (0):	They have got him on a primary radar .
adv hypothesis (2):	They have got him on a basic radar .

orig premise:	There may be others who have had the same experience with them .
orig hypothesis (2):	No one has had those experiences with them .
adv hypothesis (1):	No one acres lasted those experiences with them .

orig premise:	This fund has given us , the members of the Indiana Dental Association , the opportunity to make a direct investment in the quality of dental education in our state .
orig hypothesis (0):	The members of the Indiana Dental Association were given an opportunity .
adv hypothesis (2):	The members of the Indiana Dental Association were given an eventuality .

orig premise:	Bin Ladin also began to have serious money problems .
orig hypothesis (1):	Bin Ladin began to suffer serious money problems due to his gambling habit .
adv hypothesis (0):	Bin Ladin began to suffer serious money questions due to his parlay mania .

orig premise:	According to Vygotsky , children 's greatest self-control occurs during make-believe play .
orig hypothesis (0):	Vygotsky believes that imaginary play is where children exhibit the greatest self-control .
adv hypothesis (1):	Vygotsky believes that imaginary toy is where children exhibit the greatest self-control .

orig premise:	To recognize donors who have achieved this level , Dean Lefstein has now established the Black Cane Society .
orig hypothesis (0):	The Black Cane Society is a way to recognize donors .
adv hypothesis (1):	The Black Cane Society is a way to concedes donors .

orig premise:	But the highest-level Defense Department officials relied on the NMCC 's air threat conference , in which the FAA did not participate for the first 48 minutes .
orig hypothesis (1):	Defense Department officials relied on the NMCC 's air threat conference which did n't include the FAA intially , so crucial information was left out .
adv hypothesis (0):	Defense Department officials relied on the NMCC 's air threat conference which did n't include the FAA intially , so elham information was going out .

orig premise:	Your Third Prize notwithstanding , Duncan was murdered several pages earlier .
orig hypothesis (2):	Duncan has been alive in the whole book
adv hypothesis (1):	Duncan has been vigorous in the whole book

orig premise:	-LRB- Tries to insert a piece in the wrong place -RRB-
orig hypothesis (0):	They put the piece in the wrong place .
adv hypothesis (1):	They put the pieces in the wrong place .

orig premise:	To change the size of the item to be cut , the die must be removed and a new one installed .
orig hypothesis (1):	The item to be cut is a pair of blue jeans .
adv hypothesis (2):	The item to be snip is a pair of blue jeans .

orig premise:	English-types -LRB- like us -RRB- thrive in an environment that fosters dialogue .
orig hypothesis (1):	Dialogue is important to developing English skills .
adv hypothesis (2):	Dialogue is serious to readies English skills .

orig premise:	These people and their successes are real .
orig hypothesis (2):	These people are fake , along with their success stories .
adv hypothesis (1):	These people are spoof , along with their success stories .

orig premise:	I like working and making money .
orig hypothesis (0):	I enjoy working and earning money .
adv hypothesis (1):	I enjoy working and revenues money .

orig premise:	Our studies of business units with differing levels of the four practices indicate that firms with the complete set of practices achieve similar or slightly better performance in regard to the percentage of goods delivered complete and on time , although these differences between business units are not very dramatic .
orig hypothesis (2):	Business units that did n't utilize the four practices suffered significantly compared to the business unit that did implement the practices .
adv hypothesis (1):	Business units that did n't utilize the four practices suffered significantly compared to the businesses contingent that did implement the practices .

orig premise:	President Reagan quickly withdrew U.S. forces from Lebanon-a reversal later routinely cited by jihadists as evidence of U.S. weakness .
orig hypothesis (0):	Reagan moving the US military out of Lebanon in response to attacks there is sometimes cited by terrorists as proof of US weakness .
adv hypothesis (1):	Reagan moving the US military out of Lebanon in response to attacks there is sometimes cites by terrorists as proof of US weakness .

orig premise:	But grammar enters the picture here , too , and dictionaries are remiss in syntactic description of how the language works in comparison with what its words mean , how they are spelled and pronounced , and where they came from .
orig hypothesis (2):	Dictionaries are a great source in explaining how language functions in comparison to word meanings , spelling , pronunciation and where it is derived from .
adv hypothesis (0):	Dictionaries are a big source in explaining how language functions in comparison to word meanings , spelling , pronunciation and where it is derived from .

orig premise:	F-15 fighters were scrambled at 8:46 from Otis Air Force Base .
orig hypothesis (0):	Fighter jets were dispatched from Otis Air Force Base .
adv hypothesis (1):	Fighter jets were shipping from Otis Air Force Base .

orig premise:	This is illustrated in Table 9.1 -LRB- page 158 -RRB- for the men 's and boys ' shirt industry .
orig hypothesis (1):	This is illustrated in Table 9.1 for the men 's and boys ' shirt industry , as well as athletic wear .
adv hypothesis (2):	This is illustrated in Table 9.1 for the men 's and boys ' tees industry , as well as athletic wear .

orig premise:	But fortunately they did n't .
orig hypothesis (0):	Fortunately , they did not do that .
adv hypothesis (1):	Fortunately , they wanna not do that .

orig premise:	A robust economy helps by providing job opportunities , but to be honest , most of the people who are n't working today are quite simply the ones who face the greatest obstacles .
orig hypothesis (0):	It 's harder to get a job for people without one , even with a very good economy .
adv hypothesis (1):	It 's tougher to get a employ for peoples without one , even with a very good economy .

orig premise:	He made a face too .
orig hypothesis (2):	He did n't show his face .
adv hypothesis (0):	He had n't exposures his face .

orig premise:	As we prepare for all the events this fall , we are also looking into the future with the preparations for a new facility for the professional art school , administrative offices , faculty studios , a library and a contemporary gallery .
orig hypothesis (0):	The preparations for the fall events include considerations of the future .
adv hypothesis (1):	The preparations for the fall events include considerations of the futures .

orig premise:	We look forward to your written response , membership support , and having the opportunity to work with you .
orig hypothesis (0):	Working with you and getting your written response is something we are waiting for .
adv hypothesis (1):	Working with you and earn your typed replying is something we are waited for .

orig premise:	In addition , the full donation of $ 1,000 can be itemized as a federal income tax deduction .
orig hypothesis (0):	The full donation of $ 1,000 , in addition , can be itemized as a federal income tax deduction .
adv hypothesis (1):	The full donation of $ 1,000 , in langer , can be itemized as a federal income tax deduction .

orig premise:	Formally defined as the standard deviation of demand divided by average demand , the coefficient of variation can be considered a measure of variation that is normalized ; it allows us to compare the variation of demand for different products , even if the average demand of the two products is quite different .
orig hypothesis (2):	We have no way of comparing the demand for different products .
adv hypothesis (0):	We have no lane of comparing the demand for different products .

orig premise:	They said the hijackers wielded knives and claimed to have a bomb .
orig hypothesis (1):	The highjackers were heavily armed against passengers .
adv hypothesis (0):	The highjackers were strongly armed against passengers .

orig premise:	If you have any questions , please feel free to stop by and see me .
orig hypothesis (1):	I can answer your questions on the surgery techniques .
adv hypothesis (2):	I can adress your questions on the surgery processes .

orig premise:	After an adult describes and demonstrates some activity -LRB- for example , putting a teddy bear to bed -RRB- , 1-year-olds who as yet have little language can easily reproduce the main steps in correct sequence with toys .
orig hypothesis (1):	Young children really like toys because they are fun .
adv hypothesis (2):	Young children totally like pawn once they are giggle .

orig premise:	Simply put , the less certain retailers are of the demand for their product , the more safety stock they must hold to meet consumer needs .
orig hypothesis (1):	Safety stock can end up costing a the retailer a lot of money if the demand is low .
adv hypothesis (2):	Safety stocks can ending up coste a the retailer a afar of finance if the demand is bas .

orig premise:	A gift to Pleasant Run means the children in our care will have presents to open .
orig hypothesis (2):	All donations to Pleasant Run are used to pay bills and recompensate staff directly .
adv hypothesis (1):	All donations to Pleasant Run are used to pay bills and recompensate staffing directly .

orig premise:	In fact , our analysis of the HCTAR data shows that the probability of adopting shipping container markers and modular production significantly increases if both bar codes and EDI have already been implemented .
orig hypothesis (0):	We analyzed HCTAR data to investigate the use of bar codes on containers .
adv hypothesis (1):	We investigating HCTAR prompts to investigate the use of bar codes on containers .

orig premise:	That nine minutes ' notice before impact was the most the military would receive of any of the four hijackings .
orig hypothesis (2):	The military had notice of the hijackings hours before they impacted .
adv hypothesis (0):	The military had notice of the hijackings dated before they impacted .

orig premise:	Use of continuous review allows retailers to achieve a higher service level with a lower amount of inventory .
orig hypothesis (1):	Retailers are happy to engage in continuous review .
adv hypothesis (0):	Retailers are welcome to engage in continuous review .

orig premise:	At 8:51 , the controller noticed the transponder change from United 175 and tried to contact the aircraft .
orig hypothesis (2):	The transponder code on United 175 stayed the same .
adv hypothesis (1):	The transponder code on United 175 persisted the same .

orig premise:	Have you ever read any books from foreign authors ?
orig hypothesis (2):	Have you read any books from local authors ?
adv hypothesis (1):	Have you lira any lbs from regional authors ?

orig premise:	And I said to him , And what is that for ?
orig hypothesis (0):	I asked him what that was for .
adv hypothesis (1):	I demanding him what that was for .

orig premise:	Your past support of the Challenger program has been critical to its success these last four years .
orig hypothesis (0):	Your past support has been important for the success of the Challenger program
adv hypothesis (1):	Your past support has been transcendental for the avail of the Challenger program

orig premise:	' For English , this means a capacity to add the Latinate onto the vernacular , then Greek onto the Latinate , so that you can eat a hearty breakfast , and be cordial afterwards without suffering from cardiac arrest .
orig hypothesis (1):	The English language is amongst the hardest language to learn .
adv hypothesis (0):	The English language is amongst the hugest language to learn .

orig premise:	I am asking that you consider supporting our efforts once again this year with a similar gift .
orig hypothesis (1):	I would appreciate it if you would send fifty dollars again this year to support our efforts .
adv hypothesis (2):	I would gratitude it if you would send fiftieth hundred again this year to pomoc our measures .

orig premise:	-LRB- The computer age term , spaghetti code , derives from the same pasta-related idea as macaronic , but more obviously so . -RRB-
orig hypothesis (0):	Spaghetti code derives from pasta-related macaronic .
adv hypothesis (1):	Spaghetti scrambling comes from pasta-related macaronic .

orig premise:	An ambulance ?
orig hypothesis (0):	An ambulance ?
adv hypothesis (2):	An ambulances ?

orig premise:	Is there a favorite story or storybook or anything that you had when you were little that somebody read to you ?
orig hypothesis (2):	You do n't remember your childhood , do you ?
adv hypothesis (1):	You making n't reminding your youngster , do you ?

orig premise:	As the above citations indicate , the distribution of one-letter words is quite broad , extending from The New York Times to Mother Jones , from the print world to cartoon country and TV land .
orig hypothesis (2):	The distribution of one-letter-words is narrow and limited .
adv hypothesis (1):	The distribution of one-letter-words is restrain and low .

orig premise:	Even after controlling for the independent effects of firm size , product mix , and distribution channel on performance , we found that the most innovative firms were significantly more profitable than those that had adopted fewer of the key practices .
orig hypothesis (2):	Innovation does not lend positive benefit .
adv hypothesis (1):	Innovation does not lend positive merits .

orig premise:	High demand variation similarly occurs during the beginning and end of a product life cycle .
orig hypothesis (0):	The end of a product 's life cycle can see high demand variation .
adv hypothesis (2):	The end of a product 's life cycle can see high requisition variation .

orig premise:	The young adults who leave Pleasant Run have those same feelings .
orig hypothesis (2):	Pleasant Run does not impact young adults .
adv hypothesis (0):	Pleasant Run does not consequence young adults .

orig premise:	Assume that the manufacturing lead time ` the amount of time required to go from a production order to a product ready for shipping to retail ` is less than one week .
orig hypothesis (0):	It is safe to assume the manufacturing lead time , or time required to go from production order to a product ready for shipping and retail , is less than one week .
adv hypothesis (2):	It is safe to assume the manufacturing lead time , or time required to go from production order to a product ready for shipping and shopper , is less than one months .

orig premise:	The people of Batavia on the Hopi Reservation in northern Arizona were motivated by their desire to rekindle traditional cultural values among younger generations when , with the help of Futures for Children , they decided to restore traditional terrace gardens at the edge of their village - gardens that had been abandoned for decades .
orig hypothesis (0):	People on the Hopi Reservation think their culture should be preserved .
adv hypothesis (1):	People on the Hopi Reservation think their culture owes be preserved .

orig premise:	Renfrew accepts the wave theory , and in the last two thirds of Archaeology and Language he sets forth his arguments in its favor .
orig hypothesis (2):	Renfew fully rejects the arguments of the wave theory .
adv hypothesis (0):	Renfew fully ejects the arguments of the wave theory .

orig premise:	They enabled the passengers to gain critical information , including the news that two aircraft had slammed into the World Trade Center .
orig hypothesis (0):	The news that two aircraft had slammed into the World Trade Center became available to the passengers .
adv hypothesis (1):	The news that two aircraft had slammed into the World Trade Center became available to the occupants .

orig premise:	Walked through her bedroom around 6:30 , seven o'clock in the morning you know .
orig hypothesis (2):	I watched her sleep in her room the whole night .
adv hypothesis (1):	I watched her dreaming in her room the whole night .

orig premise:	Miller describes the generally high self-control the Chinese children in these families displayed ` listening attentively to elders and complying without reminders .
orig hypothesis (2):	Chinese children never listen to anyone else .
adv hypothesis (1):	Chinese juveniles never expect to anyone else .

orig premise:	-RRB- Juvenal wrote his satire on Rome in the early years of the second century , during the reign of the Emperor Trajan .
orig hypothesis (0):	Juvenal wrote during the reign of the Emperor Trajan .
adv hypothesis (1):	Juvenal texted during the reign of the Emperor Trajan .

orig premise:	So , early that morning , that afternoon , I came down from San Miguel , and I told him , I 'm going to go .
orig hypothesis (0):	I traveled from San Miguel to tell him that I am leaving .
adv hypothesis (2):	I traveled from San Miguel to proclaims him that I am leaving .

orig premise:	At 8:26 , Ong reported that the plane was flying erratically .
orig hypothesis (1):	The erratic behavior was passed on to ground control .
adv hypothesis (0):	The erratic behavior was passed on to terre control .

orig premise:	So I think maybe , reading for young people , is not as important .
orig hypothesis (2):	I know that the younger generation values reading much , much more then our own generation .
adv hypothesis (1):	I realize that the younger generation values reading much , much more then our own generation .

orig premise:	After the Soviet Union 's twenty-year ban on Vygotsky 's writings was lifted in the mid-1950s , his major works reached the West .
orig hypothesis (1):	The western world was receptive to his works .
adv hypothesis (2):	The western world was amenable to his works .

orig premise:	Their actions saved the lives of countless others , and may have saved either the Capitol or the White House from destruction .
orig hypothesis (0):	They saved lives with what they were doing .
adv hypothesis (2):	They salvaged lives with what they were doing .

orig premise:	Narrative conversation also fosters language development and emergent literacy , which greatly ease the task of learning to read and write when children get to school .
orig hypothesis (2):	Narrative conversation has shown to make no difference to boys and girls .
adv hypothesis (1):	Narrative conversation has shown to make no disagree to boyfriend and girls .

orig premise:	You can literally help save a life .
orig hypothesis (0):	You can save a life .
adv hypothesis (2):	You can save a iive .

orig premise:	History and Political Context Few fundamentalist movements in the Islamic world gained lasting political power .
orig hypothesis (2):	There is no correlation between the fundamentalist movements and politics .
adv hypothesis (0):	There is no bind between the religiously movements and politics .

orig premise:	Under Boolean algebra , W has the a set that is closed under the two commutative binary operations and that can be described by any of various systems of postulates all of which can be deduced from the postulates that an identity element exists for each operation , that each operation is distributive over the other , and that for every element in the set there is another element which when combined with the first under one of the operations yields the identity element of the other operation < under the operations of taking intersections and unions , the subsets of a given set form a Boolean algebra
orig hypothesis (0):	Under Boolean algebra , W is an element of the postulates which combines with the commutative binary options to describe various systems of postulates .
adv hypothesis (1):	Under Boolean algebra , W is an element of the postulates which combines with the commutative binary options to blueprint diversified regime of postulates .

orig premise:	Between 7:03 and 7:39 , Saeed al Ghamdi , Ahmed al Nami , Ahmad al Haznawi , and Ziad Jarrah checked in at the United Airlines ticket counter for Flight 93 , going to Los Angeles .
orig hypothesis (1):	The three individuals had consecutive positions when lining up for the ticket counter .
adv hypothesis (0):	The three individuals had posterior positions when lining up for the ticket counter .

orig premise:	Working in its favor is a social contract with a three-part system established in every country in the
orig hypothesis (0):	The established three-part system worked in its favor .
adv hypothesis (2):	The established three-part system worked in its preferential .

orig premise:	Your gift will help us reach our immediate goal of awarding at least one scholarship to a student for the fall semester of 1993 , and our long-term goal of awarding several $ 5,000 scholarships each year .
orig hypothesis (2):	Your donation will not help us achieve our goals .
adv hypothesis (1):	Your donation availability not succour we attain our tends .

orig premise:	That 's a good attitude !
orig hypothesis (2):	That is a negative and unwanted perspective .
adv hypothesis (1):	That is a naughty and unwanted positions .

orig premise:	00 in labor and transportation costs -LRB- including direct labor at the plant level ; transportation costs for fabric and other supplies shipped to the sewing plant ; the cost of transporting finished goods to the manufacturer 's distribution center , any customs fees or insurance associated with transportation , and any other costs associated with producing an acceptable unit of finished goods -RRB- .
orig hypothesis (0):	There exists an acceptable unit of finished goods .
adv hypothesis (1):	There remain an acceptable unit of finished goods .

orig premise:	I like , uh , political non-fiction , and I 've read The Making of the President series from 1960 on up .
orig hypothesis (2):	I have never heard of The Making of the President series before today .
adv hypothesis (1):	I have never fathom of The Making of the President installments before today .

orig premise:	All the ingredients may be present ` the music , the singers , the dancers , the setting , and costumes ` but , alas , duende itself fails to show up and the production fizzles .
orig hypothesis (0):	Duende itself fails to show up and the production fizzles .
adv hypothesis (2):	Duende itself disappoint to show up and the production fizzles .

orig premise:	We are asking for your ten dollars to help fund our programs of Research , Education , and Patient Service and Rehabilitation .
orig hypothesis (0):	Your contribution of ten dollars is going to go towards Research , Education , and Patient Service and Rehabilitation .
adv hypothesis (1):	Your contribution of ten dollars is evaporate to go towards Research , Education , and Patient Service and Rehabilitation .

orig premise:	Recall the Zinacanteco Indian child weavers and the Brazilian child street vendors , who are advanced in skills relevant to their own culture yet behind on tasks devised for children in Western industrialized nations .
orig hypothesis (1):	Brazilian child street vendors would outperform Western children in school if they had greater opportunities .
adv hypothesis (2):	Brazilian child street vendors would outperform Western enfant in school if they had greater opportunities .

orig premise:	Um , not too many stories about my dad 's childhood .
orig hypothesis (2):	There 's plenty of stories of my dad 's childhood .
adv hypothesis (0):	There 's suffice of stories of my dad 's childhood .

orig premise:	Historically , the textile-apparel relationship involved long lead times or advance commitments to secure the necessary cloth in the right style , texture , and patterns .
orig hypothesis (0):	The textile-apparel relationship involved commitments to securing materials ahead of time .
adv hypothesis (1):	The textile-apparel relationship involved commitments to safest documents ahead of time .

orig premise:	Where is , where was this ?
orig hypothesis (0):	Where did it happen ?
adv hypothesis (1):	Where did it transpires ?

orig premise:	I suspect that that is precisely the song 's origin .
orig hypothesis (2):	I do n't think that 's where the song came from .
adv hypothesis (1):	I have n't knew that 's where the song came from .

orig premise:	So now I 'm going to run three pools over the summer .
orig hypothesis (2):	I 'm not going to have anything to do with pools this summer .
adv hypothesis (1):	I 'm not want to have anything to do with potholes this summer .

orig premise:	You wrote this out all by yourself .
orig hypothesis (0):	You composed this totally on your own .
adv hypothesis (2):	You composed this fully on your special .

orig premise:	None is the combined Old English ne ` not ' + on ` one .
orig hypothesis (1):	Old English words are compounded a lot
adv hypothesis (0):	Old English words are accentuate a plots

orig premise:	About this time the Fasten Seatbelt sign would usually have been turned off and the flight attendants would have begun preparing for cabin service .
orig hypothesis (1):	Around this time 30 minutes after takeoff sign , the fasten seatbelt sign would have been turned off and the flight attendants would have begon cabin service .
adv hypothesis (0):	Around this time 30 moments after takeoff sign , the fasten seatbelt sign would have been turned off and the flight attendants would have begon cabin service .

orig premise:	His generous contribution to dentistry in 1971 has helped twenty-five orthodontic students so far to meet educational expenses ; and more students will receive scholarships this year .
orig hypothesis (0):	So far , twenty five orthodontic students have benefited from his contribution .
adv hypothesis (2):	So far , twenty five orthodontic students have been from his contribution .

orig premise:	Work hard study balance your time , you know .
orig hypothesis (1):	You need to have a good schedule to use your time effectively .
adv hypothesis (2):	You gotta to have a good schedule to use your time effectively .

orig premise:	Well , and I forgot to tell you when the soldiers came , to my house , the guerrillas were there , the guerrillas went back .
orig hypothesis (2):	I forgot to mention to you that when the soldiers came to my house , the guerrillas were not there yet .
adv hypothesis (0):	I forgot to mentioned to you that when the privates inbound to my home , the guerilla were not there yet .

orig premise:	Obviously , if all members of the two Boards were to pledge $ 1,000 per year , we would be most grateful and we would have a great story to tell .
orig hypothesis (2):	If every board member donates $ 1000 we wo n't be grateful , we need more !!
adv hypothesis (1):	If every board member donates $ 1000 we wo n't be aware , we need more !!

orig premise:	He had a pillow , one of those big pillows , and it looked red , all of it with blood and swollen like this . So he said , from the running down from several places , but the one that , this one -LSB- indicates eyebrow -RSB- , was , was too much .
orig hypothesis (0):	His pillow was covered in blood from his face wounds .
adv hypothesis (1):	His pillow was coated in blood from his face wounds .

orig premise:	As a result , product proliferation represents a shift in the curve relating sales volume and variability -LRB- see Figure 7.4 -RRB- .
orig hypothesis (1):	Sales volume and variability have a steep sloped curve .
adv hypothesis (0):	Sales volume and variability have a sudden sloped curve .

orig premise:	I ca n't think of anything , but it 's been nice chatting with you .
orig hypothesis (1):	I do n't want to talk to you any more .
adv hypothesis (2):	I know n't want to talk to you any more .

orig premise:	Obviously , I could not say much .
orig hypothesis (0):	I did n't say much .
adv hypothesis (1):	I did n't say crucially .

orig premise:	Lewin had served four years as an officer in the Israeli military .
orig hypothesis (1):	Lewin had served in the Israeli military as an officer for four years , and a recruit for years previously .
adv hypothesis (0):	Lewin had served in the Israeli military as an officer for four years , and a conscript for years previously .

orig premise:	Now that , that you 're an adult obviously and have had children of your own what stories do you remember telling to your own children , and reading to your own children ?
orig hypothesis (0):	What stories have you told or read to your own children ?
adv hypothesis (2):	What stories have you told or read to your special kiddies ?

orig premise:	A diskette is also called a floppy ; the reason for the name is not immediately apparent -LRB- nor why the item is called a diskette , for that matter -RRB- , but all becomes clear .
orig hypothesis (0):	Diskettes may also be referred to as floppies .
adv hypothesis (1):	Diskettes may also be avowed to as floppies .

orig premise:	Dentistry has been a part of my life for as long as I can remember .
orig hypothesis (1):	I grew up around dentistry and I also studied it in college .
adv hypothesis (2):	I croissant up around orthodontist and I also probe it in schooling .

orig premise:	Our work on apparel supplier adjustments to lean retailing suggests that an economy characterized by an increasing level of modern manufacturing and retailing practices should experience lower levels of inventories relative to sales .
orig hypothesis (0):	There are lower levels of inventory , relative to sales in an economy characterized by modern manufacturing .
adv hypothesis (2):	There are lower levels of inventory , relative to sales in an economy characterized by modernist manufacturing .

orig premise:	He urged Muslims to read the Qur ` an and the Hadith for themselves , not to depend solely on learned interpreters like himself but to hold one another to account for the quality of their observance .
orig hypothesis (2):	He urged Muslims to depend only on their religious leaders .
adv hypothesis (0):	He demanded Muslims to invoking only on their religious leaders .

orig premise:	By 1920 , over half of the spinning and weaving capacity was in the South , leading industrialization there .
orig hypothesis (0):	Most of the weaving capacity was in the South .
adv hypothesis (1):	Most of the textiles capacity was in the South .

orig premise:	Army , and became an instructor at Fort Bragg .
orig hypothesis (0):	They became an instructor at Fort Bragg .
adv hypothesis (2):	They became an professors at Fort Bragg .

orig premise:	Periodic Versus Continuous Review
orig hypothesis (1):	Continuous review means that retailers are n't devoted a block of time during the week to inventory .
adv hypothesis (2):	Continuous reviews signifies that store are n't devoted a latching of time during the week to inventory .

orig premise:	Simply fill out the enclosed card , and we will see you at the Grill !
orig hypothesis (1):	You need to reserve a place at the grill
adv hypothesis (0):	You gotta to reserve a place at the grill

orig premise:	Bin Ladin had to tell the Libyans who had been part of his Islamic army that he could no longer protect them and that they had to leave the country .
orig hypothesis (1):	Some Libyans chose to stay and fight with Bin Laden .
adv hypothesis (0):	Some Libyans chose to stay and war with Bin Laden .

orig premise:	The Retail Fallout
orig hypothesis (0):	The adverse side effects of retail .
adv hypothesis (1):	The unsavory side effects of retail .

orig premise:	Parents seemed unable to distinguish good from substandard care .
orig hypothesis (2):	Parents were acutely aware of the difference between good care and substandard care .
adv hypothesis (1):	Parents were acutely conscientious of the conflict between bestest care and unsure care .

orig premise:	The President and the Vice President indicated to us they had not been aware that fighters had been scrambled out of Andrews , at the request of the Secret Service and outside the military chain of command .
orig hypothesis (2):	The President claimed that he was fully aware of the fighters having been scrambled .
adv hypothesis (0):	The President claimed that he was altogether awareness of the fighter having been garbled .

orig premise:	Projects such as this touch the lives of others and enhance the education of the students .
orig hypothesis (0):	The students ' education is bettered by the availability of such projects .
adv hypothesis (1):	The students ' education is bettered by the availability of such schemes .

orig premise:	In fact , a production line is probably never in perfect balance .
orig hypothesis (2):	Most production lines are probably always kept in perfect balance .
adv hypothesis (0):	Most production lines are probably constantly kept in omniscient scales .

orig premise:	That 's a good attitude !
orig hypothesis (0):	That is quite a fine stance !
adv hypothesis (1):	That is quite a bueno stance !

orig premise:	They typically determined the specifications of the goods purchased , the volume purchased , and the price to be charged to customers at retail .
orig hypothesis (0):	Typically , there were three specifications determined .
adv hypothesis (1):	Typically , there were three specifications determine .

orig premise:	We are pleased to note that Hu-Friedy , L.D.Caulk , and Star Dental have each agreed to contribute to this worthy cause .
orig hypothesis (2):	We could not find anyone to make donations .
adv hypothesis (1):	We could not achieve anyone to achieving donations .

orig premise:	Please join in this help with your gift today .
orig hypothesis (0):	Please offer us assistance with a present .
adv hypothesis (1):	Please offer us assistance with a topical .

orig premise:	At least two callers from the flight reported that the hijackers knew that passengers were making calls but did not seem to care .
orig hypothesis (0):	The hijackers did not seem to care about other passengers making calls .
adv hypothesis (1):	The hijackers did not seem to care about other sightseers making asks .

orig premise:	And you where do you live now ?
orig hypothesis (2):	I know where you live .
adv hypothesis (1):	I realise where you live .

orig premise:	This was done because of the organization of work in clothing shops ; the low capital costs and high proportion of labor costs , especially in women 's wear for contract shops ; the intense product competition among manufacturers within and among geographic markets ; and the diversity of products and changing styles .
orig hypothesis (0):	This was done because of how workers in clothing shops were organized .
adv hypothesis (2):	This was done because of how workers in petticoat shops were organized .

orig premise:	Allows children to learn , play , and develop friendships during their summer and holiday vacations .
orig hypothesis (1):	Is a longstanding organisation with an excellent reputation among parents and children alike .
adv hypothesis (0):	Is a longstanding organisation with an peachy reputation among parents and children alike .

orig premise:	There 's , my dad reminds me from time to time .
orig hypothesis (2):	I do n't have a father .
adv hypothesis (1):	I do n't obtains a pope .

orig premise:	Go ahead .
orig hypothesis (1):	They were given the go ahead .
adv hypothesis (2):	They were given the go ago .

orig premise:	In Sarasota , Florida , the presidential motorcade was arriving at the Emma E. Booker Elementary School , where President Bush was to read to a class and talk about education .
orig hypothesis (0):	In Sarasota , Florida the President had arrived at a school .
adv hypothesis (2):	In Sarasota , Florida the President had arrived at a schoolhouse .

orig premise:	Concerns over the safety of other aircraft began to mount .
orig hypothesis (0):	Concerns concerning the other aircraft 's safety began to mount .
adv hypothesis (2):	Concerns concerning the other aircraft 's certainty began to mountain .

orig premise:	On the monkey bars I used to swing up and get on top of it .
orig hypothesis (0):	I used to get up on the monkey bars .
adv hypothesis (2):	I used to get up on the baboon bars .

orig premise:	So you feel like it 's a southern thing ?
orig hypothesis (0):	Is that like some sort of southern thing ?
adv hypothesis (2):	Is that like some sort of northwest thing ?

orig premise:	-LRB- Points again to the bottom of the puzzle -RRB-
orig hypothesis (0):	Gestures a second time at the bottom of the puzzle .
adv hypothesis (2):	Gestures a secs time at the bottom of the puzzle .

orig premise:	Note that the I/S standard deviations control for differences in firm size .
orig hypothesis (0):	I/S standard deviations account for variety in firm size .
adv hypothesis (1):	I/S standard deviations accountant for variety in firm size .

orig premise:	We put the baby mallard in a small aviary with the half-grown muscovy , and it worked .
orig hypothesis (1):	The muscovy adopted the baby mallard as if it was its own baby .
adv hypothesis (0):	The muscovy adopted the baby mallard as if it was its singly baby .

orig premise:	It is difficult to place all the blame on Renfrew , for his editor should have noticed the lack of coherence .
orig hypothesis (2):	Renfrew is completely to blame .
adv hypothesis (0):	Renfrew is altogether to blame .

orig premise:	Talia , mother of a 7-year - My son Anselmo , a first grader , constantly asks us to help him with his homework .
orig hypothesis (2):	Anselmo is 10 years old and he never asks us for help with homework .
adv hypothesis (1):	Anselmo is 10 years old and he never requisition us for help with homework .

orig premise:	But not all fantasy qualifies as wish fulfillment .
orig hypothesis (0):	Not all fantasy is for wish making .
adv hypothesis (2):	Not all imaginings is for amal making .

orig premise:	The Herndon Command Center immediately established a teleconference between Boston , New York , and Cleveland Centers so that Boston Center could help the others understand what was happening .
orig hypothesis (2):	The Herndon Command Center failed to connect the different centers , so no one was in contact with each other .
adv hypothesis (1):	The Herndon Command Center mistook to connect the different centers , because no one was in contacted with each other .

orig premise:	The Indianapolis YWCA is an open , supportive organization concerned with women and families ; providing opportunities to develop skills , knowledge and resources in the areas of health , self-awareness and leadership .
orig hypothesis (0):	The Indianapolis YWCA is an organization that helps women and families by helping develop skills , knowledge and resources in health , self-awareness and leadership .
adv hypothesis (2):	The Indianapolis YWCA is an formations that helps women and families by helping develop skills , knowledge and resources in health , self-awareness and headed .

orig premise:	OK , I thought so .
orig hypothesis (0):	Ah yes , I suspected that was the case .
adv hypothesis (1):	Ah yes , I suspected that was the cases .

orig premise:	In preschools and kindergartens , behaviorist tenets were used to justify large-group drill on letters , numbers , and general knowledge as well as repetitive worksheet practice that required young children to sit at their desks for long periods , filling in blanks , coloring within the lines , and otherwise following teacher prescriptions .
orig hypothesis (0):	Behaviorist tenets helped justify strictly regimented education practices .
adv hypothesis (2):	Behaviorist tenets contributed justify strictly regimented education practices .

orig premise:	The idiom dressed to the nines could be from Middle English dressed to then eynes ` dressed to the eyes .
orig hypothesis (1):	The Middle English had a similar idiom found in a lot of books .
adv hypothesis (0):	The Middle English had a similar idiom found in a consignment of livres .

orig premise:	Nostalgia for Islam 's past glory remains a powerful force .
orig hypothesis (1):	The nostalgia for Islam 's past prestige should not be underestimated and is making a resurgence .
adv hypothesis (0):	The nostalgia for Islam 's past prestige shall not be underestimated and is making a resurgence .

orig premise:	I was on this earth you know , I 've lived on this earth for some reason , I just do n't know what it is yet .
orig hypothesis (0):	I do n't yet know the reason why I have lived on earth .
adv hypothesis (1):	I do n't yet know the reason why I have lived on overland .

orig premise:	The hijackers were wearing red bandanas , and they forced the passengers to the back of the aircraft .
orig hypothesis (1):	The hijackers wore red bandanas that covered their faces entirely .
adv hypothesis (2):	The hijackers wore red bandanas that covered their faces wholeheartedly .

orig premise:	As more American parents with busy , stressed lives retreat from their children , peers take over .
orig hypothesis (1):	Some parents work to try harder to be in their kids lives .
adv hypothesis (0):	Some parents cooperates to try harder to be in their kids lives .

orig premise:	I trust that this is a fillip of propaganda and not a serious query .
orig hypothesis (1):	This must be for attention , the request can not be serious . They know this will get the papers attention .
adv hypothesis (2):	This must be for attention , the request can not come serious . They know this goes attained the paper attention .

orig premise:	Spreading the cloth many plies thick without stressing the cloth is , again , one of the quality steps of getting ready to sew .
orig hypothesis (2):	You should stress the cloth prior to sewing for a quality product .
adv hypothesis (1):	You should stressed the cloth prior to sewing for a quality product .

orig premise:	About this time , Card , the lead Secret Service agent , the President 's military aide , and the pilot were conferring on a possible destination for Air Force One .
orig hypothesis (2):	There were no plans to fly anywhere .
adv hypothesis (1):	There were no diets to fly anywhere .

orig premise:	What I liked about it was that kids were special .
orig hypothesis (2):	What I liked was that kids were invisible little adults .
adv hypothesis (1):	What I liked was that kids were undercover little adults .

orig premise:	The lines further from the trend line indicate the range with a likelihood of 90 percent .
orig hypothesis (2):	The line with the greatest distance from the trendline translates to a 0 percent impossibility .
adv hypothesis (1):	The lines with the greatest distance from the trendline translate to a 0 proportion impossibility .

orig premise:	Human Growth and Development
orig hypothesis (2):	PLant growth on farms
adv hypothesis (1):	PLant growth on farmers

orig premise:	Also , if you enter jump , you get the synonyms for that ; but if you enter jumped , you get the -LRB- same -RRB- synonyms but inflected ` including the variants leapt , leaped for leap . All in all , for a relatively primitive system , it is not too bad ; but you would have to be in love with your computer to use it in preference to a far more complete books of synonyms available -LRB- especially The Synonym Finder , Rodale in the U.S. and Canada , Longman elsewhere , which offers more than 800,000 synonyms , more than three times the number listed in any other synonym book -RRB- .
orig hypothesis (2):	The Synonym Finder contains very few synonyms .
adv hypothesis (0):	The Synonym Finder contains quite few synonyms .

orig premise:	And , where the reference is made in the first paragraph to the twanging release of Ulysses ' silver bow , that the bowman is not Ulysses but Apollo , shooting into the Greek camp .
orig hypothesis (0):	The bowman who shot into the Greek camp was Apollo .
adv hypothesis (2):	The baumann who assassinated into the Greek battalions was Apollo .

orig premise:	The SIDS Alliance meets all National Charities Information Bureau -LRB- NCIB -RRB- standards , and is listed in the NCIB Wisegiving Guide .
orig hypothesis (1):	The SIDS Alliance meets NCIB standards for charities and has an excellent record for giving .
adv hypothesis (0):	The SIDS Alliance meets NCIB standards for charities and ha an noteworthy checkin for giving .

orig premise:	When was the last time you stopped at IUPUI since you graduated ?
orig hypothesis (0):	Since graduating , when did you last visit IUPUI ?
adv hypothesis (2):	Since phased , when did you earlier visit IUPUI ?

orig premise:	In sum , the protocols in place on 9/11 for the FAA and NORAD to respond to a hijacking presumed that
orig hypothesis (1):	They had needed much better protocols .
adv hypothesis (0):	They had needed mucho preferably protocols .

orig premise:	But the parent who fails to respond promptly and predictably , intervening only after the baby has become extremely agitated , teaches the infant to rise rapidly to intense distress .
orig hypothesis (0):	A parent who does not respond quickly and in a consistent manner will teach the baby to rise quickly to distress .
adv hypothesis (2):	A parent who fact not replied immediatly and in a consistent pleas will teach the newborn to rise quickly to torments .

orig premise:	In short , while leaders in Washington believed that the fighters above them had been instructed to take out hostile aircraft , the only orders actually conveyed to the pilots were to ID type and tail .
orig hypothesis (0):	Washington leaders misunderstood the orders that had been given to the fighter pilots .
adv hypothesis (2):	Washington leaders misunderstood the orders that had been given to the fighter flyboy .

orig premise:	The details of what happened on the morning of September 11 are complex , but they play out a simple theme .
orig hypothesis (0):	The theme of the events on September 11 is simple even though the details are complex .
adv hypothesis (2):	The theme of the events on September 11 is mere even though the details are complex .

orig premise:	Please note that on your calendar .
orig hypothesis (2):	Please disregard that .
adv hypothesis (0):	Please overlooking that .

orig premise:	Adding the Japanese final vowels produces Gone with the Windo . Hypercorrection , where Japanese speakers learn that many final vowels do not exist in the American version of the tongue and so remove them , sometimes incorrectly , gives us the California cities of San Francisk and Sacrament . This process resulted in the sign reading Pizz and Coffee .
orig hypothesis (0):	The final vowel in Japanese words does n't always exist in English ones , so the Japanese often drop syllables at the end of words .
adv hypothesis (1):	The final vowel in Japanese words does n't always existing in English ones , so the Japanese often drop syllables at the end of words .

orig premise:	And you where do you live now ?
orig hypothesis (0):	Where do you live now ?
adv hypothesis (2):	Where do you residency now ?

orig premise:	I did n't hit nothing .
orig hypothesis (0):	I did n't hit anything .
adv hypothesis (1):	I want n't hitting anything .

orig premise:	We have concluded , from the available evidence , that the Vice President arrived in the room shortly before 10:00 , perhaps at 9:58 .
orig hypothesis (1):	The Vice President was needed to give directions to the other officials .
adv hypothesis (0):	The Vice President was obligation to dar thrusts to the other officials .

orig premise:	And did you like living in Charlotte all your life ?
orig hypothesis (0):	Did you enjoy spending your whole life in Charlotte ?
adv hypothesis (1):	Did you loved spending your whole vive in Charlotte ?

orig premise:	By investing in the community through this partnership , you can help more than 220,000 people in central Indiana next year .
orig hypothesis (1):	You can help more than 220,000 people in central Indiana next year by investing in the community through this partnership via your generous doantion .
adv hypothesis (0):	You can help more than 220,000 people in central Indiana next year by investing in the community through this partnership via your magnanimous doantion .

orig premise:	The time saved in production can be lost if the distribution method is slow , or if there are other impediments to the movement of products from the apparel-maker to the retailer .
orig hypothesis (0):	The shortened production time would be wasted if the distribution is slow .
adv hypothesis (1):	The shortened production hours would be wasted if the circulated is slow .

orig premise:	It is quite possible Jarrah knew of the success of the assault on the World Trade Center .
orig hypothesis (2):	It is not believed that Jarrah knew anything about the World Trade Center .
adv hypothesis (0):	It is not doubted that Jarrah knows anything about the World Trade Center .

orig premise:	Do n't you think that will be hard if you move all the way up there , not seeing them as much ?
orig hypothesis (1):	He does n't think it will be hard for him at all . He hates his family .
adv hypothesis (2):	He does n't think it will be tough for him at all . He loathe his family .

orig premise:	Although new work practices are evolving in the apparel industry , many workers still specialize in one operation or at most two .
orig hypothesis (2):	The apparel industry 's work practices have never evolved at any point .
adv hypothesis (1):	The apparel industry 's cooperating practices receive never expired at any remarks .

orig premise:	Did you go door to door ?
orig hypothesis (1):	Did you bring a clipboard , if you went door to door ?
adv hypothesis (2):	Did you tomar a clipboard , if you went floodgates to doorstep ?

orig premise:	To answer this question , Vygotsky pointed out , we must identify the distinctive features of make-believe play ` those that make it unique among young children 's experiences .
orig hypothesis (1):	This is a question that absolutely needs an answer if the field is to advance .
adv hypothesis (0):	This is a question that absolutely needs an answering if the field is to advance .

orig premise:	As one witness recalled , -LSB- It -RSB- was almost like there were parallel decisionmaking processes going on ; one was a voice conference orchestrated by the NMCC ... and then there was the -LSB- White House video teleconference -RSB- .
orig hypothesis (2):	A witness remembered that there were four simultaneous decisionmaking processes going on at once .
adv hypothesis (0):	A witness remembered that there were three simultaneous decisionmaking processes going on at once .

orig premise:	Do you smoke her Saratogas ?
orig hypothesis (2):	I did n't ask you a question , especially not about Saratogas .
adv hypothesis (1):	I wanna n't pray you a tura , especially not about Saratogas .

orig premise:	We have the chance to shape the future of IUPUI by what we choose to do here .
orig hypothesis (2):	We do n't have the chance of shaping the future of IUPUI .
adv hypothesis (1):	We does n't enjoys the chance of shaping the future of IUPUI .

orig premise:	Not any stories that she used to tell .
orig hypothesis (0):	No tales that the woman once told .
adv hypothesis (1):	No stories that the woman once dis .

orig premise:	Because he knew little about the cattle business and cared less , he never got around to branding his stock .
orig hypothesis (0):	Since he had little knowledge of dealing in cattle , he did n't even brand his stock .
adv hypothesis (1):	Since he had unassuming lessons of handling in cows , he did n't even marchi his stocks .

orig premise:	Um we always tended to stop somewhere scenic either going to or coming from .
orig hypothesis (1):	Since the picturesque locations were the only places worth visiting , they were where we usually went .
adv hypothesis (2):	Since the picturesque locations were the only places worth visiting , they were where we usually walked .

orig premise:	Say again , slowly .
orig hypothesis (2):	Do n't speak until you 're told o.
adv hypothesis (1):	Do n't schmooze until you 're told o.

orig premise:	Do you think that 's a good thing that it helped culture you , or --
orig hypothesis (1):	I wonder myself it it had a positive impact on culture .
adv hypothesis (0):	I wonder myself it it had a worthwhile impact on culture .

orig premise:	At that point , the second call was cut off .
orig hypothesis (1):	The second call was ended because a bomb hit the line .
adv hypothesis (2):	The second call was completes hence a bomb hit the line .

orig premise:	One senior FAA air traffic control manager said that it was simply not the FAA 's place to order the airlines what to tell their pilots .
orig hypothesis (2):	The FAA should tell pilots what to say .
adv hypothesis (0):	The FAA should tell pilots what to spoke .

orig premise:	In British English it is no longer considered a solecism to use the plurals they , their , them , theirs as a generalized pronoun for words like eyeryone , everybody , anyone , anybody , etc. .
orig hypothesis (2):	It is still a grammatical mistake to use the plurals they , their , them , theirs as a generalized pronoun for words like eyeryone , everybody , anyone , anybody , etc. .
adv hypothesis (0):	It is nonetheless a grammatical mistake to use the plurals they , their , them , theirs as a generalized pronoun for words like eyeryone , everybody , anyone , anybody , etc. .

orig premise:	Smacked my chest .
orig hypothesis (1):	She smacked my chest after I screamed at her .
adv hypothesis (2):	She smacked my torso after I screamed at her .

orig premise:	That war , like others , produced disgruntled veterans and those more adventurous or more restless after military service .
orig hypothesis (0):	That war produced more adventurous and restless disgruntled veterans after military service .
adv hypothesis (2):	That combat tabled more adventurous and restless peeved veterans after military serving .

orig premise:	Bloomer -LRB- for ` flower ' -RRB- , butter -LRB- for ` ram ' -RRB- , or even flower -LRB- for ` river ' -RRB- are recurrent examples , but solvers must always be on the alert for new traps of this
orig hypothesis (1):	These words typically do n't rationally relate to one another .
adv hypothesis (2):	These words universally do n't rationally relate to one another .

orig premise:	He also stresses grievances against the United States widely shared in the Muslim world .
orig hypothesis (0):	There are grievances felt towards the United States in the Muslim world .
adv hypothesis (2):	There are indignities felt towards the United States in the Muslim world .

orig premise:	Alternatively , an adept supplier who uses information for planning , production , and distribution may well share in the competitive advantages derived from better information on the true state of final customer demand .
orig hypothesis (0):	Having information on the customer demand is a competitive advantage .
adv hypothesis (1):	Having information on the customer demand is a competitiveness advantage .

orig premise:	Because I 'm like a lifeguard every summer and this year I had to get a winter job all year .
orig hypothesis (1):	I really just wanted to be a lifeguard .
adv hypothesis (2):	I really just sought to be a lifeguard .

orig premise:	Bin Ladin apparently kept his options open , maintaining contacts with Gulbuddin Hekmatyar , who , though an Islamic extremist , was also one of the Taliban 's most militant opponents .
orig hypothesis (0):	Bin Ladin kept his options open by keeping in contact with Gulbuddin Hekmatyar .
adv hypothesis (1):	Bin Ladin kept his options open by conservancy in contact with Gulbuddin Hekmatyar .

orig premise:	This , in turn , suggests that firms with more of the key technologies in place will have total inventories that are less volatile .
orig hypothesis (0):	The firms that had more technology were more stable .
adv hypothesis (2):	The firms that had more technology were more sustained .

orig premise:	I was under the impression it was based on Webster 's Ninth Collegiate Dictionary , and indeed it was ; but there are so many improvements and changes that the absence both of a Longman copyright notice and of any identification of a specific editorial director are a bit mysterious .
orig hypothesis (2):	I was incorrect about it being based on Webster 's Ninth Collegiate Dictionary .
adv hypothesis (1):	I was wrong about it being based on Webster 's Ninth Collegiate Dictionary .

orig premise:	Well , I did and sometime later removed it to my cottage in Canada and used decopor -LRB- a thick , clear glazed resin -RRB- on the top .
orig hypothesis (0):	I changed my mind , moved it , and sealed it with a thick resin on top instead .
adv hypothesis (2):	I changing my mindset , moved it , and sealed it with a coarse resin on top instead .

orig premise:	The first pertains to operational performance , or the ability of a supplier to respond to lean retailing replenishment requirements .
orig hypothesis (2):	The first thing mentioned is a philosophical discussion on why you should stop eating sushi .
adv hypothesis (1):	The first thing raised is a philosophical discussions on why you should stop eating sushi .

orig premise:	They welcome the chance to belong , to become self - sufficient , to regain their self-esteem and confidence .
orig hypothesis (2):	We do not address self-sufficiency .
adv hypothesis (0):	We do not cope self-sufficiency .

orig premise:	Your investment is critical to making our community a better place .
orig hypothesis (1):	The investment is critical because our budget was slashed .
adv hypothesis (2):	The investment is critical as our budget was slashed .

orig premise:	Home in Black Mountain a chile ' will smack yo ' face ;
orig hypothesis (1):	A chile can be very strong in Mexican food .
adv hypothesis (2):	A chile can be very solid in Mexican food .

orig premise:	We did n't know as much about it as we do today , and were learning and adjusting to diabetes at the same time we were building our marriage .
orig hypothesis (1):	At the same time we were building our marriage we were adjusting to diabetes and it was very difficult .
adv hypothesis (2):	At the same time we were building our marriages we were adaptability to diabetics and it was very difficult .

orig premise:	A favorite story about anything ?
orig hypothesis (2):	What is your worst story ever ?
adv hypothesis (0):	What is your biggest story ever ?

orig premise:	Well , so many bullets , so many things .
orig hypothesis (2):	Well , so few bullets , so few things .
adv hypothesis (1):	Well , until capped bombs , so slight things .

orig premise:	In doing so , they invite children to judge the appropriateness of their requirements .
orig hypothesis (2):	Children are n't allowed to judge the requirements .
adv hypothesis (1):	Children are n't afford to judge the requirements .

orig premise:	Please show your support and make a gift .
orig hypothesis (2):	You can show your support by not giving a gift .
adv hypothesis (1):	You can show your support by not afford a gift .

orig premise:	Because Ballinger was still responsible for his other flights as well as Flight 175 , his warning message was not transmitted to Flight 93 until 9:23 .
orig hypothesis (2):	What Ballinger said was immediately spread .
adv hypothesis (0):	What Ballinger said was immediatly spread .

orig premise:	One of our volunteers will be contacting you soon .
orig hypothesis (1):	One of our volunteers will be contacting you shortly after you submit your information .
adv hypothesis (2):	One of our volunteered will be imparting you immediatly after you submit your information .

orig premise:	They seem to think that he is descending .
orig hypothesis (0):	They think he is going down .
adv hypothesis (1):	They knew he is going down .

orig premise:	Constant Lambert noted The most successful time traveler of our days was undoubtedly Serge Diaghileff .
orig hypothesis (0):	Serge Diaghileff was the most successful time traveler .
adv hypothesis (1):	Serge Diaghileff was the most successful hours occupants .

orig premise:	America is under attack .
orig hypothesis (2):	America is fine .
adv hypothesis (1):	America is magnificent .

orig premise:	Chapter 10 considers how new human resource practices that allow for short-cycle production , in concert with the use of information technology , can positively affect the performance of suppliers .
orig hypothesis (1):	Chapter 10 also goes beyond human resource practices to describe how performance of suppliers can improve .
adv hypothesis (2):	Chapter 10 also disappears beyond humanitarian resource practices to describe how performance of suppliers can improve .

orig premise:	Hmmm , might be an abalone shell .
orig hypothesis (1):	I have read a book that described an abalone shell .
adv hypothesis (0):	I have itl a manoel that mentioned an abalone shell .

orig premise:	I said , Well you can use paint thinner or turpentine or gasoline .
orig hypothesis (1):	Although you may find it to be a bit dangerous , you could use paint thinner or gasoline to try to remove this .
adv hypothesis (0):	Although you may find it to be a bits harmful , you could use brushed thinner or gasoline to try to removing this .

orig premise:	American also began getting identifications of the hijackers , as Ong and then Sweeney passed on some of the seat numbers of those who had gained unauthorized access to the cockpit .
orig hypothesis (1):	The hijackers had planned the attack before the night .
adv hypothesis (0):	The hijackers had anticipated the attack before the noche .

orig premise:	That 's why it 's such like a big thing , because my uncle , he went , he went into the military and then came out .
orig hypothesis (0):	My uncle served in the military .
adv hypothesis (2):	My uncle served in the serviceman .

orig premise:	Bin Ladin 's impressive array of offices covertly provided financial and other support for terrorist activities .
orig hypothesis (2):	Bin Laden did n't have any supporters .
adv hypothesis (1):	Bin Laden had n't enjoy any buffs .

orig premise:	Corroboration is not readily forthcoming from the OED , unless we accept a citation from Lydgate , dated c 1450 : Pryd gothe beforen And schame comythe aftyr , and blawythe horne .
orig hypothesis (1):	The OED only likes it when we have a citation from Lydgate .
adv hypothesis (0):	The OED only iove it when we have a citation from Lydgate .

orig premise:	Because a reduction in the I/S ratio means that changes in sales will be matched by a smaller change in inventories , a lower ratio also implies lower inventory volatility .
orig hypothesis (0):	A lower I/S ratio results in lower inventory volatility and changes in sales will result in smaller changes in inventories .
adv hypothesis (1):	A lower I/S ratio results in cutback repertory uncertainties and amends in sales will result in smaller changes in inv .

orig premise:	By 8:33 , it had reached its assigned cruising altitude of 31,000 feet .
orig hypothesis (2):	By 8:33 , it had n't climbed to above 20,000 feet .
adv hypothesis (0):	By 8:33 , it haya n't hiked to above 20,000 feet .

orig premise:	We are very aware of the important role financial resources will playas we look to the future .
orig hypothesis (2):	We do n't know about financial resources .
adv hypothesis (1):	We suis n't realizing about hacienda resources .

orig premise:	The operation was not cost the United States lost two planes .
orig hypothesis (1):	The operation ruined two US planes which crashed in Libya and were destroyed .
adv hypothesis (2):	The collaborate annihilated three US planes which crashed in Libya and were destroyed .

orig premise:	Make checks payable to Indiana University Foundation .
orig hypothesis (2):	Checks should be made payable to Harvard University .
adv hypothesis (1):	Checks owes be made due to Harvard University .

orig premise:	Such requirements could arise either as a result of voluntary agreements among retailers and apparel suppliers or be mandated through regulation .
orig hypothesis (2):	Mandates and regulation could not help to set requirements , as no one actually listens to regulations .
adv hypothesis (1):	Mandates and regulator could not relief to establishes require , as no one genuinely listens to regulates .

orig premise:	Let me live in my house by the side of the road
orig hypothesis (0):	The person 's house they 're requesting to live in is by the side of the road .
adv hypothesis (1):	The person 's apartment they 're demands to live in is by the side of the road .

orig premise:	For them , as for most feminists , political considerations are primary .
orig hypothesis (2):	No feminist would every think of political fall out .
adv hypothesis (1):	No feminist would every ideology of politician falling out .

orig premise:	Well , because it was really interesting stuff .
orig hypothesis (1):	I enjoyed it because it was interesting .
adv hypothesis (0):	I liked it because it was interesting .

orig premise:	Where in Charlotte ?
orig hypothesis (1):	Charlotte is a very large city .
adv hypothesis (2):	Charlotte is a totally grande city .

orig premise:	Speed of delivery has increasingly become part of the competitive equation .
orig hypothesis (1):	Consumers are thrilled to see delivery speeds being considered as part of the competitiveness equation .
adv hypothesis (0):	Consumers are enthused to see delivery speeds being considered as part of the competitiveness equation .

orig premise:	The use of modern design tools and information technology can collapse the design time so that managerial decision-making becomes the longest step in the process ` and even the time for that step can be shortened with information technology .
orig hypothesis (0):	Informational technology can decrease the time needed for every process step .
adv hypothesis (2):	Informational technology can mitigation the time needed for every process step .

orig premise:	This organization 's structure included as its operating arms an intelligence component , a military committee , a financial committee , a political committee , and a committee in charge of media affairs and propaganda .
orig hypothesis (1):	The largest branch was its political committee .
adv hypothesis (2):	The hugest branch was its political committee .

orig premise:	We believe there is no more appropriate time to have a coordinated and collaborative effort to financially support the services MCCOY offers to the community as a whole .
orig hypothesis (2):	MCCOY does not ask for you help financially at this time .
adv hypothesis (0):	MCCOY does not requisition for you help financially at this time .

orig premise:	Inside the NMCC , the deputy director for operations called for an allpurpose significant event conference .
orig hypothesis (2):	The deputy director for operations suggested that no further event conferences be held until further notice .
adv hypothesis (1):	The deputy direktor for operations suggested that no further event conferences be held until further notice .

orig premise:	Boston Center asked the Herndon Command Center to issue a similar cockpit security alert nationwide .
orig hypothesis (2):	Boston Center did not issue any requests to send out security alerts .
adv hypothesis (1):	Boston Center had not difficulty any requests to send out guaranty alerts .

orig premise:	One spoke very little English and one spoke excellent English .
orig hypothesis (2):	Both men spoke perfect English to each other .
adv hypothesis (0):	Both men spoke smooth English to each other .

orig premise:	Inside the National Military Command Center , the deputy director of operations and his assistant began notifying senior Pentagon officials of the incident .
orig hypothesis (1):	Senior Pentagon officials were shocked when they heard about the incident .
adv hypothesis (2):	Senior Pentagon officials were dumbstruck when they heard about the incident .

orig premise:	In the past eight years SEND has renovated over 70 homes for affordable resale to families , created more than 100 high quality apartments , assisted 20 businesses to expand or improve their facilities , created three new parks , and taught more than 200 youth work ethics and skills .
orig hypothesis (1):	SEND has renovated dozens of homes to sell at affordable prices so low-income people can be homeowners in the city .
adv hypothesis (2):	SEND has overhauled dozens of homes to sell at affordable prices so low-income people can be homeowners in the city .

orig premise:	My friend , a punster , spotted the fact that the plate nicely violated the no offensive plates rule .
orig hypothesis (0):	The no offensive plates rule was violated by the plate noticed by my friend .
adv hypothesis (1):	The no offensive plates rule was violated by the plate realised by my mate .

orig premise:	' The barn was the building for storing barley .
orig hypothesis (1):	The barley is stored in the barn . They fill it usually twice a season .
adv hypothesis (2):	The barley is storeroom in the shed . They completes it usually twice a season .

orig premise:	They were , um , they were best-seller type fiction from the um , 40 's and 50 's and 60 's and on , just , they were members of a book club and they got a lot of books that way .
orig hypothesis (0):	They got a lot of books since they were a part of a book club .
adv hypothesis (1):	They got a lot of books since they were a halves of a book clubhouse .

orig premise:	It 's hard enough for her to make good decisions when she 's surrounded by support .
orig hypothesis (2):	It is not hard to influence her decisions .
adv hypothesis (0):	It is not rigorous to influence her decisions .

orig premise:	Although few retailers have embraced the complete set of forecasting and inventory models described in this chapter , lean retailers are moving in that direction .
orig hypothesis (2):	Lean retailers are the least able to embrace forecasting and inventory models .
adv hypothesis (0):	Lean retailers are the least able to embrace forecast and inventory models .

orig premise:	We are pleased to tell you of a very exciting development with the fund , which has reached a market value of $ 750,000 .
orig hypothesis (0):	The fund now has a market value of $ 750,000 .
adv hypothesis (2):	The fund now is a contracted value of $ 750,000 .

orig premise:	Indeed , Washington wore a dark brown suit , entirely made in America , for his first inaugural on April 30 , 1789 .
orig hypothesis (0):	Washington was clad in an American dark brown suit at his 1789 inauguration .
adv hypothesis (1):	Washington was clad in an American dark brown suit at his 1789 swearing .

orig premise:	Wal-Mart is the most well known of the early lean retailers .
orig hypothesis (0):	A prominent early lean retailer is Wal-Mart .
adv hypothesis (1):	A showy early lean retailer is Wal-Mart .

orig premise:	Others who worked with ACM 's high school programming competition , with engineering 's super mileage vehicle , with RHllv1 's Baker 's Club , or with any of the School 's other activities helped to maintain traditions in their departments that future classes will be encouraged to continue .
orig hypothesis (0):	Those who worked in the School 's activities helped maintain department traditions and future classes will be encouraged to continue them .
adv hypothesis (1):	Those who worked in the School 's activities helped maintain department traditions and future classes will be encouraged to lingering them .

orig premise:	Orwell constructed an alternative future in his vision of the totalitarian state , Nineteen Eighty-Four . The work has given English a small lode of the title itself connotes a society marked by government terror and propaganda destroying the public 's consciousness of reality -LRB- the OED Supplement also accepts 1984 and 1984-ish as adjective forms -RRB- ; that government 's official language , Newspeak , now indicates the propagandistic or ambiguous language of , among others , politicians , bureaucrats , and broadcasters -LRB- revenue enhancement for tax increase , etc. -RRB- ; the twisting of minds to the capacity to accept the validity of utterly contradictory opinions or beliefs , or double-think ; the book 's head of state , Big Brother , implies an apparently benevolent , but really ruthless , omnipotent , and omniscient state authority .
orig hypothesis (1):	1984 is often used to criticize government actions regarding surveillance and propaganda .
adv hypothesis (0):	1984 is sometimes used to criticize government actions regarding surveillance and propaganda .

orig premise:	But uh , we hear a lot about home and how it used to be and like I said walking five miles to school and --
orig hypothesis (1):	We like to know what the old days are like .
adv hypothesis (2):	We amour to know what the old days are like .

orig premise:	Macbeth 's action to have the bond canceled becomes null and void .
orig hypothesis (1):	Macbeth was keen on canceling the bond in order to purge his gambling debt .
adv hypothesis (2):	Macbeth was staunch on canceling the bond in order to purge his gambling debt .

orig premise:	The centering operation is important because the diameter of a knit tube varies slightly along its length , and it is necessary to reference cutting from the midline of the tube .
orig hypothesis (2):	The centering operation is pointless .
adv hypothesis (0):	The centering operation is inane .

orig premise:	The Challenger Scholars Program attempts in a small way to address this crisis by encouraging bright and dedicated students with a desire to extend their knowledge into the classroom as teachers to continue in that career path .
orig hypothesis (2):	The Challenger Scholar Program does not want students to pursue their dreams in the classroom .
adv hypothesis (1):	The Challenger Scholar Program does not craving schoolmates to pursue their dreams in the classroom .

orig premise:	Although each has made valuable contributions to our understanding , a new , more powerful view of the meaning of young children 's play has arrived on the scene , thanks to Vygotsky 's sociocultural theory .
orig hypothesis (0):	Vygotsky 's sociocultural theory greatly contributed to our understanding of the meaning of young children 's play .
adv hypothesis (1):	Vygotsky 's sociocultural theory greatly competed to our understanding of the meaning of young children 's play .

orig premise:	Your contribution -- large or small -- through the Annual Fund will carry us one more step toward realizing the Purdue dream for the 21st century .
orig hypothesis (1):	Perdue will not reach its goals without your help .
adv hypothesis (2):	Perdue will not reaching its goals without your help .

orig premise:	Sexually Transmitted Infections -LRB- including AIDS -RRB-
orig hypothesis (1):	Sexually Transmitted Infections including AIDS are increasing rapidly .
adv hypothesis (0):	Sexually Transmitted Infections including AIDS are augmented immediatly .

orig premise:	When bar codes and EDI are combined with advanced shipping practices , the benefit of each practice is enhanced ; order processing occurs more rapidly , accurately , and with less paper .
orig hypothesis (2):	When bar codes and EDI are combined with advanced shipping practices , the entire system of order processing deteriorates and slows down .
adv hypothesis (1):	When bar codes and EDI are combined with advanced shipping practices , the entire system of order processing deepened and slows down .

orig premise:	When tired , Sophie 's teddy bear and leprechaun do n't stay up late doing just as they please .
orig hypothesis (2):	Sophie does not have a teddy bear .
adv hypothesis (0):	Sophie does not ter a teddy bear .

orig premise:	United Way 's impact begins with research that helps answer important
orig hypothesis (0):	The impact that United Way has started with research .
adv hypothesis (1):	The impact that United Way has started with investigating .

orig premise:	So we quick think and I go , well grab a paper towel and wet it and throw a couple of ice cubes in and put it on his hand , get him up to his feet and haul him off to the emergency room .
orig hypothesis (0):	Quick , let 's grab a paper towel , wash it it , then add some ice cubes to it so we can set it on his hand . Let 's pick him up and get him to the emergency room .
adv hypothesis (1):	Quick , let 's grab a paper towel , wash it it , then add some ice cubes to it so we can ensemble it on his hands . Let 's picking him up and get him to the emergency sala .

orig premise:	Hmmm , might be an abalone shell .
orig hypothesis (2):	I do not believe there is a possibility that this is an abalone shell .
adv hypothesis (1):	I have not believe there is a possibility that this is an abalone shell .

orig premise:	Such stitching generally outlasts the fabric of jeans , as one can see from looking at the holey knees of jeans worn by many teenagers .
orig hypothesis (1):	Many teenagers have holes in the knees of their jeans because they live active lifestyles .
adv hypothesis (0):	Many teenagers have holes in the knees of their jeans because they iife active living .

orig premise:	Adjective , being before especially in time or arrangement
orig hypothesis (2):	Adjectives always refer to a certain time .
adv hypothesis (1):	Adjectives always references to a certain time .

orig premise:	Umm , go ahead and tell me about a story .
orig hypothesis (1):	I only want to hear stories about sexy vampire girls .
adv hypothesis (2):	I only want to hear sagas about sexy vampire chicks .

orig premise:	Thirty-one privately-funded scholarships totaling $ 82.000 awarded to students annually
orig hypothesis (1):	The number of privately-funded scholarships is expected to grow in the future .
adv hypothesis (0):	The number of privately-funded scholarships is contemplated to croissant in the future .

orig premise:	They made up stories sometimes , my mother in particular , she made up stories .
orig hypothesis (2):	My mother did n't make up any stories , only they did .
adv hypothesis (1):	My mother did n't fulfil up any floors , only they did .

orig premise:	So that helped you learn about people that you had not necessarily met .
orig hypothesis (2):	It did n't help them learn about people at all .
adv hypothesis (1):	It would n't subsidy them learner about people at all .

orig premise:	Other experiences are linguistic only in reverse , or only as one thinks of what the language ought to be .
orig hypothesis (0):	Some experiences are only in reverse , emulating what a language should sound like .
adv hypothesis (1):	Some experiences are only in reverse , emulating what a language cannot sound like .

orig premise:	The President told us his instinct was to project calm , not to have the country see an excited reaction at a moment of crisis .
orig hypothesis (2):	The President thought acting in an excited manner would be best during a crisis .
adv hypothesis (1):	The President thought acting in an nervous manner would be best during a crisis .

orig premise:	So I liked that .
orig hypothesis (1):	I liked that , why is it any of your business ?
adv hypothesis (2):	I iike that , why is it any of your undertakings ?

orig premise:	And as our discussion in Chapter 6 will reveal , on the whole , the quality of American child care ` whether center-based or home-based ` is mediocre to abysmal .
orig hypothesis (0):	American child-care tends to range from mediocre to dreadful .
adv hypothesis (1):	American child-care tends to range from mediocre to catastrophic .

orig premise:	At 9:21 , NEADS received a report from the Military , Boston Center .
orig hypothesis (2):	The NEADS did not get any reports from Boston center .
adv hypothesis (1):	The NEADS wanna not getting any enlightened from Boston center .

orig premise:	What to make of the fact that one may be henpecked but not cockpecked ?
orig hypothesis (0):	What do you think that someone could be henpecked but not cockpecked ?
adv hypothesis (1):	What do you think that whomever could be henpecked but not cockpecked ?

orig premise:	And how was growing up in Charlotte ?
orig hypothesis (1):	Did being raised in Charlotte greatly change your life ?
adv hypothesis (0):	Did being posed in Charlotte markedly changes your life ?

orig premise:	Only smooth and clever entry into the make-believe activity ` for example , inviting the dolls and stuffed animals to get up for breakfast ` could lure Mattie into starting the real part of her day without protest .
orig hypothesis (0):	Mattie enjoys make-believe activities with her dolls and stuffed animals
adv hypothesis (1):	Mattie recieve make-believe operating with her dolls and stuffed veal

orig premise:	People generally seem to find dialect study interesting .
orig hypothesis (0):	Folks find studying dialect engaging .
adv hypothesis (2):	Folks find investigating dialect participating .

orig premise:	In this period , a number of key technological changes sewing machines that made many more stitches a minute , long knives instead of shears for cutting , and pressing machines .
orig hypothesis (2):	Industry tools and machineries have stayed the same until today .
adv hypothesis (1):	Industry tools and machineries have interrupted the same until today .

orig premise:	You know you look down and see the Pentagon burning and I thought the bastards snuck one by us .
orig hypothesis (2):	I did not see the Pentagon burning .
adv hypothesis (1):	I did not admire the Pentagon burning .

orig premise:	Chair is a Greek compound of kata ` down ' + hedra ` sit , seat .
orig hypothesis (1):	Many english words have Greek or Latin origins .
adv hypothesis (0):	Many lish word possesses Greek or Latin descent .

orig premise:	My favorite story , um , oh , Cinderella .
orig hypothesis (2):	I hated the Cinderella story .
adv hypothesis (0):	I dissing the Cinderella saga .

orig premise:	In interviews with us , NEADS personnel expressed considerable confusion over the nature and effect of the order .
orig hypothesis (1):	NEADS personnel was improperly trained and therefore were unprepared to understand the order .
adv hypothesis (2):	NEADS personnel was improperly trained and therefore were tactless to understand the order .

orig premise:	When was the last time you stopped at IUPUI since you graduated ?
orig hypothesis (2):	You have n't graduated from IUPUI yet .
adv hypothesis (1):	You have n't educated from IUPUI yet .

orig premise:	I got somebody who keeps coasting but it looks like he 's going into one of the small airports down there .
orig hypothesis (0):	I have someone who is coasting and may go to a small airport .
adv hypothesis (1):	I have someone who is coasting and may go to a minimized airstrip .

orig premise:	Well , who told you that story ?
orig hypothesis (0):	Are you able to recall which person told you the story ?
adv hypothesis (1):	Are you able to rember which person told you the story ?

orig premise:	Essentially , random fluctuation in demand can not be explained by trends , seasonality , cyclicality , or other factors like advertising and new product introduction .
orig hypothesis (2):	Trends can always explain fluctuations in demand .
adv hypothesis (0):	Trends can perpetually hinting fluctuations in demand .

orig premise:	Corporate participation involves an annual unrestricted gift of $ 2,500 or more for Chancellor 's Circle or of $ 1,000 or more for Chancellors Associates .
orig hypothesis (0):	There is more than one annual giving option for corporate participation .
adv hypothesis (1):	There is more than one annual giving option for entrepreneurial contributions .

orig premise:	They must desire genuine communication and work toward attaining it .
orig hypothesis (0):	They would want genuine communication and work towards getting it .
adv hypothesis (2):	They would want concrete communication and work towards getting it .

orig premise:	The controller checked to see if American Airlines could establish communication with American 11 .
orig hypothesis (1):	The controller checked several different frequencies and signals to find American 11 .
adv hypothesis (0):	The controller checked distinct different frequencies and signals to find American 11 .

orig premise:	A manager at the Herndon Command Center asked FAA headquarters if they wanted to order a nationwide ground stop .
orig hypothesis (2):	No one in Herndon inquired about a ground stop .
adv hypothesis (1):	No one in Herndon doubted about a raison stop .

orig premise:	The growth of private-label programs among retailers in the 1980s exemplifies this trend .
orig hypothesis (1):	The private-label programs grew in the 1980 's because of the internet .
adv hypothesis (0):	The private-label programs grew in the 1980 's since of the internet .

orig premise:	We did n't know as much about it as we do today , and were learning and adjusting to diabetes at the same time we were building our marriage .
orig hypothesis (2):	At the same time we were building our marriage we were adjusting to diabetes , we know as much then as we do now .
adv hypothesis (0):	At the same time we were building our marriage we were adjusting to diabetes , we realise as much then as we do now .

orig premise:	For the short term , its impact will be on a relatively small niche market .
orig hypothesis (1):	The impact will be on just a small market of customized t-shirts .
adv hypothesis (2):	The impact will be on just a klein market of customized t-shirts .

orig premise:	It was passed from here through the -LSB- operations -RSB- center at the White House , from the -LSB- shelter -RSB- .
orig hypothesis (0):	It was passed from the shelter to the operations center .
adv hypothesis (2):	It was passed from the huts to the operations center .

orig premise:	Um , now why did you decide to stay in Charlotte to go to school ?
orig hypothesis (2):	Why are you determined not to go to school in Charlotte ?
adv hypothesis (0):	Why are you determined not to gonna to school in Charlotte ?

orig premise:	For the same time period , our alumni participation in similar firms was 31 percent to 67 percent .
orig hypothesis (0):	The alumni who participated in firms that were alike was between 31 to 67 percent .
adv hypothesis (1):	The alumnus who participated in businessmen that were alike was between 31 to 67 percentage .

orig premise:	At 9:58:57 , Jarrah told another hijacker in the cockpit to block the door .
orig hypothesis (1):	The hgjackets seemed to know what they were doing .
adv hypothesis (0):	The hgjackets seemed to suis what they were does .

orig premise:	And , as one would expect , the higher the variation in week-to-week demand , the more inventory a manufacturer must hold to meet a retailer 's high service expectations .
orig hypothesis (1):	Manufacturers dislike having to hold more inventory than necessary for retailers .
adv hypothesis (2):	Manufacturers despise having to hold more inventory than necessary for retailers .

orig premise:	Your past contribution provided a direct line of support for local programs that promote health and wellness , strengthen families , invest in our children , help people become self-sufficient , and serve the elderly and disabled .
orig hypothesis (1):	Previous donations made by you were listed in the program newsletter .
adv hypothesis (2):	Previous donations made by you were named in the program gazette .

orig premise:	Let us start with the three groups of clues encountered in the classical crossword synonyms , superordinates , and definitions .
orig hypothesis (2):	We will end with definitions and synonyms .
adv hypothesis (0):	We hope end with definitions and synonyms .

orig premise:	Though novel for its open endorsement of indiscriminate killing , Bin Ladin 's 1998 declaration was only the latest in the long series of his public and private calls since 1992 that singled out the United States for attack .
orig hypothesis (0):	Bin Ladin had a history of campaigning for an attack on the United States .
adv hypothesis (1):	Bin Ladin had a history of campaigning for an bombs on the United States .

orig premise:	Please make camp possible for all deserving Indianapolis children and send in a tax deductible contribution today in the enclosed envelope .
orig hypothesis (0):	Your contribution will help make camp possible for all deserving Indianapolis children .
adv hypothesis (1):	Your contributing will help make camp possible for all deserving Indianapolis children .

orig premise:	once in a blue moon , listed under moon in L -RRB- may be listed elsewhere -LRB- under blue moon in W -RRB- .
orig hypothesis (0):	The phrase `` once in a blue moon '' may be listed elsewhere .
adv hypothesis (2):	The phrase `` once in a blue glass '' may be enrolled elsewhere .

orig premise:	At 10:02 , the communicators in the shelter began receiving reports from the Secret Service of an inbound aircraft-presumably hijacked-heading toward Washington .
orig hypothesis (1):	12 jets scrambled to protect the nation 's capitol .
adv hypothesis (2):	12 aeroplanes scrambled to protect the nation 's capitol .

orig premise:	To a Western ear , the most predictable of language traits , perhaps , is the well-advertised Japanese use of r for our l . Indeed , in my travels about Honshu during a three-month visit , I did hear coinrocker , see you rater , Adurt Graphics -LRB- dirty books -RRB- , blackwrrants -LRB- hit-and-miss rendering of black walnuts -RRB- , Coffee Corombia -LRB- a chain of coffee shops -RRB- , and Coconut Glove .
orig hypothesis (2):	To the Western ear , the least predictable of language traits are perhaps the most well-advertised use of r.
adv hypothesis (1):	To the Western esp , the least awaited of dialects role are eventually the most well-advertised consuming of r.

orig premise:	We learned all of those and the fairy tales , the classics , she read all of those to us .
orig hypothesis (0):	She read all the classics to us .
adv hypothesis (1):	She lira all the classics to our .

orig premise:	Command Uh , do we want to think , uh , about scrambling aircraft ?
orig hypothesis (0):	Should we consider getting aircraft together ?
adv hypothesis (1):	Should we consider getting cessna together ?

orig premise:	Instead , parents who warmly , but consistently and assertively , require their inhibited child to try new experiences and guide and support them in doing so actually reduce the child 's physiological stress reactions , fostering a more adaptive style in the child .
orig hypothesis (0):	Parents who require their kids to experience new things while still being kind towards them encourage their kids to be more adaptive and then they turn sociabl .
adv hypothesis (1):	Parents who demanding their kids to enjoy new facets while ever being kind towards them stimulus their children to se more adaptive and then they turn sociabl .

orig premise:	As the above citations indicate , the distribution of one-letter words is quite broad , extending from The New York Times to Mother Jones , from the print world to cartoon country and TV land .
orig hypothesis (1):	The New York Times and Mother Jones have good examples of the distribution of one-letter-words .
adv hypothesis (0):	The New York Times and Mother Jones have decent examples of the distribution of one-letter-words .

orig premise:	Maybe we 'll soon have Heroin -LRB- or Heroine , or Heroine -RRB- , Smack , and Coke , -LRB- though we can be sure that the company coming up with the last of these will hear from you-know-who -RRB- .
orig hypothesis (1):	Out of these three , Smack and Coke are easily the most popular .
adv hypothesis (2):	Out of these three , Smack and Coke are tenderly the most modern .

orig premise:	\ \ And you 'll stay here ?
orig hypothesis (2):	You ca n't stay here !
adv hypothesis (0):	You ca n't rest here !

orig premise:	Just when you thought it was safe to assume that we now know all we are ever likely to know about the past , someone digs another hole and unearths -LRB- literally or figuratively -RRB- some ancient one day it is a fragile scroll , found in a cave near the Dead Sea , that turns out to be pre-Biblical ; the next day it is an entire terracotta army of Chinese the next it is a skull , excavated from the Olduvai Gorge , that compels anthropologists -LRB- once again -RRB- to revise their guesses about the earliest stages of Homo sapiens sapiens vs hominids .
orig hypothesis (2):	We already know everything there is to know about our past , nothing can ever change that .
adv hypothesis (0):	We already knowthat everything there is to comprehend about our pasts , nothing can ever changeable that .

orig premise:	I can not overemphasize the importance of your support .
orig hypothesis (0):	Your support is exceedingly important and can not be exaggerated .
adv hypothesis (1):	Your support is exceedingly vital and can not be exaggerated .

orig premise:	The whole point is speed and clarity of communications .
orig hypothesis (1):	Speed and clarity increase in tandem with one another .
adv hypothesis (0):	Speed and clarity heightened in combination with one another .

orig premise:	Your gift to the law school will be an investment in its continued excellence .
orig hypothesis (2):	Your gift to the school will be a frog .
adv hypothesis (1):	Your gift to the school goes exist a frog .

orig premise:	One wonders whether the marriage had secretly taken place between the consecutive chapters !
orig hypothesis (0):	One inquires if a secret marriage occured .
adv hypothesis (2):	One inquires if a underground marriage occured .

orig premise:	Well , it 's yellow and orange and red .
orig hypothesis (1):	It 's yellow , orange , and red before turning blue .
adv hypothesis (2):	It 's amarillo , oranges , and red before turning blue .

orig premise:	Or do would they rather you have stay in Nursing ?
orig hypothesis (2):	Maybe you should quit Nursing and go into another line of work .
adv hypothesis (1):	Maybe you should ceasing Nursing and go into another line of work .

orig premise:	Without those conversations , this level of insight is slow to develop .
orig hypothesis (1):	The conversations are good to develop the mind as well .
adv hypothesis (2):	The conversation are good to develop the mind as well .

orig premise:	And it was one afternoon I was out playing on the uh , sidewalk and uh Mom was , Mom was in the kitchen doing something and I was , I guess pretending to act like a salesman and I went up to the front door and rang the doorbell .
orig hypothesis (0):	I was playing outside and rang the doorbell , pretending to be a salesman .
adv hypothesis (2):	I was playing outside and telephoned the doorbell , saying to be a sellers .

orig premise:	-LRB- -RRB- When cancer comes up I 'm just pretty , pretty interested in it , to find out what they went through and I can relate to it .
orig hypothesis (2):	I am not interested at all in the topic of cancer .
adv hypothesis (1):	I am not impatient at all in the topics of cancer .

orig premise:	For instance , in 1995 , the Labor Department sponsored the Apparel Industry Partnership , in which a number of U.S. apparel manufacturers , UNITE ! , the National Consumers League , the Interfaith Center on Corporate Responsibility and others agreed to monitor compliance with labor standards of contractors .
orig hypothesis (0):	In 1995 the Labor Department sponsored the Apparel Industry Partnership which caused many U.S. apparel manufacturers to agree to monitor compliance with labor standards of contractors .
adv hypothesis (2):	In 1995 the Labor Department sponsored the Apparel Industry Partnership which caused dissimilar U.S. apparel manufacturers to agree to monitor compliance with labor standards of contractors .

orig premise:	Her interviewer did n't bat an eye .
orig hypothesis (0):	The person interviewing her was not surprised .
adv hypothesis (1):	The persons interviewing her was not disgusted .

orig premise:	She uses speech derived from that conversation to refiect on the thunder , allay her fear , and help her wait until Deb 's task is finished and they can go inside .
orig hypothesis (0):	She used speech to allay her fear and help her wait until Deb is done with her task .
adv hypothesis (2):	She used expressions to minimize her fear and help her wait until Deb is waged with her task .

orig premise:	We need to get the military involved with us .
orig hypothesis (2):	Getting the military involved would only hurt this situation and delay any resolutions .
adv hypothesis (1):	Getting the military involved would only hurt this situation and delay any dissipating .

orig premise:	Readiness for Narrative .
orig hypothesis (1):	The narrative is being delivered orally .
adv hypothesis (0):	The storytelling is being delivered orally .

orig premise:	A relatively new graphic technique is the sandwich .
orig hypothesis (1):	Despite being relatively new , the sandwich technique is popular .
adv hypothesis (2):	Despite being relatively new , the pastrami technique is popular .

orig premise:	He could attract , train , and use recruits for ever more ambitious attacks , rallying new adherents with each demonstration that his was the movement of the future .
orig hypothesis (0):	He was able to bring in new people for bigger actions and rev up everyone with every new attack .
adv hypothesis (1):	He was conceivable to brings in new people for bigger actions and rev up everyone with any updated attacks .

orig premise:	A Stitch in Time is organized into five sections , roughly corresponding to the channel components .
orig hypothesis (1):	The channel components form the table of contents .
adv hypothesis (2):	The channel component form the table of contents .

orig premise:	I 've done horrible , let 's just say horrible really , really bad .
orig hypothesis (1):	I 've done something so awful I can hardly bear to think about it .
adv hypothesis (0):	I 've done something accordingly horrendous I can hardly bear to contemplate about it .

orig premise:	It has been suggested that SF include only those stories which would be invalidated without their scientific content ; that fiction which concerns science , scientists , and the impact of science on humans ; that which explores alternate existences -LRB- whether future , extraterrestrial , or only in characters ' minds -RRB- based on facts and logical progression via scientific method .
orig hypothesis (2):	Everyone agrees that SF stories can ignore facts and logic .
adv hypothesis (0):	Everyone concedes that SF stories can shunt happenings and logic .

orig premise:	And you were born in Presbyterian Hospital .
orig hypothesis (0):	You were born in Presbyterian Hospital
adv hypothesis (1):	You were welder in Presbyterian Hospital

orig premise:	Two minutes later the transponder was turned off and even primary radar contact with the aircraft was lost .
orig hypothesis (0):	Primary radar contact with the aircraft was lost .
adv hypothesis (2):	Primary radar contact with the aircraft was relinquished .

orig premise:	finding an interesting shell on the beach -LRB- Looks like Mom 's shiny necklace .
orig hypothesis (0):	That shell looks like Mom 's necklace .
adv hypothesis (2):	That shell looks like Mom 's choker .

orig premise:	Bin Ladin reportedly showed particular interest in learning how to use truck bombs such as the one that had killed 241 U.S.
orig hypothesis (2):	Truck bombs were of no interest to Bin Ladin , having failed to kill anyone using them .
adv hypothesis (1):	Truck bombs were of no benefit to Bin Ladin , having wronged to killed anyone used them .

orig premise:	How about um , your kids ?
orig hypothesis (0):	How about your children , hmm ?
adv hypothesis (1):	How about your children , hmmm ?

orig premise:	A local software company has generously donated a complete analysis of our computer hardware and software needs so that the school can offer faculty and students the most up-to-date information technology .
orig hypothesis (2):	A local software company declined to donate any information technology materials .
adv hypothesis (0):	A local software company plunged to donate any information technology materials .

orig premise:	Similarly , feminists discourage titles that identify women 's -LRB- but not men 's -RRB- marital status -LRB- though many users mistakenly assume Ms . a synonym for Miss -RRB- .
orig hypothesis (1):	Feminists like to discourage basic facts
adv hypothesis (2):	Feminists like to kerb basic facts

orig premise:	For example , sketches or photos can be draped with material of different colors and patterns .
orig hypothesis (0):	Different patterned material can be draped around photos .
adv hypothesis (1):	Different patterned material can be draped around pics .

orig premise:	He said the President signed off on that concept .
orig hypothesis (0):	The President signed off on the concept , according to him .
adv hypothesis (1):	The President signed off on the concept , depending to him .

orig premise:	About someone who is in complete charge of a project , they could say , He runs things completely !
orig hypothesis (1):	Someone who is in complete charge of a project , could be called a CEO or chief .
adv hypothesis (2):	Someone who is in end charge of a project , could be called a CEO or chief .

orig premise:	Of course it ca n't be published because all those things are copyrighted , but my mother made up the story and I thought it was very nice and I still have it , uh , handwritten , uh , in our file here .
orig hypothesis (2):	We can have it published today but my mom and I do n't like the story .
adv hypothesis (0):	We can have it published today but my mom and I do n't iove the story .

orig premise:	set in a type -LRB- as boldface -RRB- readily distinguishable from that of the lightface running text which defines , explains , or identifies the entry
orig hypothesis (0):	The boldface type will be distinct from the lightface text .
adv hypothesis (2):	The boldface type will be dissimilar from the lightface text .

orig premise:	Do you read Dr. Seuss ?
orig hypothesis (2):	I do n't know who is Dr. Seuss .
adv hypothesis (1):	I making n't knows who is Dr. Seuss .

orig premise:	The flight did not respond .
orig hypothesis (2):	The flight responded .
adv hypothesis (0):	The flight unanswered .

orig premise:	When you give to United Way , you can rest assured that your gift will be used efficiently and effectively to help people in need here at home .
orig hypothesis (0):	Make no mistake , your gift to the United Way will be used efficiently and effectively to help people with no other recourse , who are in need here in the area .
adv hypothesis (2):	Make no mistake , your gift to the United Way will be used effectively and effectively to help people with no other recourse , who are in need here in the area .

orig premise:	As a byproduct of participation , children gain a rich understanding of their own and others ' mental lives ` powerful tools in predicting and explaining human behavior and , therefore , in getting along with others .
orig hypothesis (2):	Participation often has negative consequences for children , and it does not help them to get along better with others .
adv hypothesis (1):	Participation often has negative consequences for children , and it does not relief them to get along better with others .

orig premise:	The only thing I know about Gilbert is that I find him listed as co-author of Muskrat Ramble .
orig hypothesis (0):	The only knowledge I have about Gilbert is his co-authorship of Muskrat Ramble .
adv hypothesis (1):	The only knowledge I acres about Gilbert is his co-authorship of Muskrat Ramble .

orig premise:	Not any stories that she used to tell .
orig hypothesis (1):	The stories she spun were written like an amateur at best .
adv hypothesis (2):	The stories she spun were written like an lovers at best .

orig premise:	As we strive to continue and improve upon our efforts for the community , it is our hope that you will join us by providing Keep Indianapolis Beautiful with a generous gift .
orig hypothesis (2):	We do not want you to donate to Keep Indianapolis Beautiful .
adv hypothesis (0):	We do not dont you to donate to Keep Indianapolis Beautiful .

orig premise:	Other experiences are linguistic only in reverse , or only as one thinks of what the language ought to be .
orig hypothesis (1):	There are certain linguistic standards that exist for romance languages which are often incorrectly applied to language originating from other parts of the world .
adv hypothesis (0):	There are specific linguistic standards that exist for romances languages which are habitually incorrectly applied to language originating from other parts of the world .

orig premise:	In play , Alison thinks about paint colors , which need not be the color of her real room .
orig hypothesis (1):	Alison has a green bedroom with a blue color carpet .
adv hypothesis (2):	Alison have a green bedroom with a blue color carpet .

orig premise:	bound in fetters , they work continually without being allowed any rest by night or day .
orig hypothesis (2):	They were able to sleep for most of the day and the entire night .
adv hypothesis (1):	They were probable to sleep for most of the nowadays and the overall afternoon .

orig premise:	In terms of the retail bottom line , this risk appeared in the indirect costs associated with holding inventories of unwanted products and stock-outs of popular items .
orig hypothesis (0):	There were indirect costs attached to stock-outs of popular items .
adv hypothesis (1):	There were circumstantial costs attached to stock-outs of popular dots .

orig premise:	I want to know much of you .
orig hypothesis (1):	I do n't have much time so we have to talk about you now or never .
adv hypothesis (2):	I do n't have much time so we have to mention about you now or never .

orig premise:	Well , some of them that uh , with your mother Marsha uh , I she was , I believe about 18 when I was born .
orig hypothesis (2):	I do n't remember exactly what age she was when I was born .
adv hypothesis (0):	I do n't remeber completely what age she was when I was born .

orig premise:	It ca n't hurt you .
orig hypothesis (0):	That thing can not damage you .
adv hypothesis (1):	That contraption can not damage you .

orig premise:	We continue to assume that this SKU has the weekly demand distribution shown in Figure 6.1 -LRB- page 92 -RRB- .
orig hypothesis (0):	The demand distribution is assumed to follow figure 6.1 .
adv hypothesis (1):	The demand distribution is imagined to follow figure 6.1 .

orig premise:	The Student American Dental Hygienist 's Association Hearty Smiles project at Riley Hospital has been successful and rewarding to the children as well as the hygiene students .
orig hypothesis (2):	The project at Riley Hospital has been a categorical failure .
adv hypothesis (1):	The project at Riley Hospital has been a categorical deficiency .

orig premise:	We have created a scholarship endowment which will permanently recognize Dr. Steven Bricker 's contributions to our school and profession .
orig hypothesis (0):	To permanently recognize Dr. Steven Bricker we made a scholarship endowment .
adv hypothesis (2):	To permanently recognize Dr. Steven Bricker we made a scholarship staffing .

orig premise:	And , instead of providing an open-ended guarantee on prices to its distributors , the company would guarantee the price for only two weeks after purchase by the distributor , refusing to take back computers unless they malfunctioned .
orig hypothesis (0):	Instead of providing open-ended guarantees , the company guarantees the price for only 2 weeks after purchase .
adv hypothesis (2):	Instead of providing open-ended guarantees , the company collateral the price for only 2 weekend after purchase .

orig premise:	When the vacuum pump comes on , five pounds of force per square foot push down on the fabric .
orig hypothesis (2):	WHen the pump starts up , the force is on the thread .
adv hypothesis (1):	WHen the pump starts up , the soldiers is on the thread .

orig premise:	If you would like to become a member of ELM , please fill out the enclosed membership form and send it back at your earliest convenience .
orig hypothesis (2):	The ELM is currently closed to all new members .
adv hypothesis (1):	The ELM is currently fence to all new members .

orig premise:	Even for basic products , demand varies from day to day and week to week .
orig hypothesis (1):	Variation in demand is welcome in all industries .
adv hypothesis (2):	Variation in requisitioning is welcome in all industries .

orig premise:	Around age 2 , children begin to pretend with less realistic toys , such as a block for a telephone .
orig hypothesis (1):	The children prefer to use their imaginations to approximate the shapes .
adv hypothesis (2):	The children lipper to use their imaginations to approximate the shapes .

orig premise:	It is not at once apparent why the book is styled an almanac , but that is there is no other book I know of that contains as much diverse information about American writers as this one .
orig hypothesis (2):	It is totally obvious why the book is like an almanac , it makes it easier to decipher information .
adv hypothesis (1):	It is altogether seeming why the book is like an almanac , it makes it easier to decipher information .

orig premise:	After learning that United Airlines was missing a plane , American Airlines headquarters extended the ground stop nationwide .
orig hypothesis (0):	The ground stop was extended nationwide upon learning of the missing plane .
adv hypothesis (1):	The ground stop was enlarging nationwide upon learning of the missing airliner .

orig premise:	And it was an important aspect , was there a particular crowd that hung out because of that ?
orig hypothesis (0):	Did a crowd hang around that because of it ?
adv hypothesis (1):	Did a richness hang around that because of it ?

orig premise:	They must induce children to develop talents , skills , good values , and a sense of accomplishment through engagement not just in activities that are easy and fun , but in ones that are meaningful and challenging ` that help them sustain eort in the face of diculty , overcome obstacles , and advance to greater heights .
orig hypothesis (0):	They have to encourage kids to control their values .
adv hypothesis (2):	They gets to encourage kids to control their values .

orig premise:	Carnegie also describes namma-holes and soaks as sources of water .
orig hypothesis (1):	Carneagie studied sources of water in his youth .
adv hypothesis (0):	Carneagie studied sources of water in his enfant .

orig premise:	It was always warm .
orig hypothesis (0):	Its temperature was always pretty warm .
adv hypothesis (2):	Its temperature was always pretty tepid .

orig premise:	This sort of misnomer leads Carnegie to suppose that to the uninitiated no map is so misleading as that of West Australia where lakes are salt-bogs without surface water , springs seldom run , and native ` wells ' are merely tiny holes in the rock , yielding from 0 to 200 gallons .
orig hypothesis (0):	People not familiar with Western Australia would read a map and find the actual results to be misleading .
adv hypothesis (1):	People not familiar with Western Australia would read a map and find the actual results to be wrong .

orig premise:	Using it to bolster an argument is plainly a mistake .
orig hypothesis (1):	I should not have used it to start and argument .
adv hypothesis (2):	I ought not have used it to start and argument .

orig premise:	new and creative research .
orig hypothesis (1):	Groundbreaking and state-of-the-art scientific research .
adv hypothesis (0):	Groundbreaking and state-of-the-art academician research .

orig premise:	Luis Alonso , Luis Alonso , says to him , Luis Alonso 's friend .
orig hypothesis (2):	They said they do not know the man .
adv hypothesis (1):	They said they do not know the boy .

